Morning.
http://i.imgur.com/Zmp12Il.gif.
Oh, and: https://www.humblebundle.com/books/unix-book-bundle.
16 O'Reilly books for $15.
I thought that Will likes charts, I mean, how else can he get to his secret pirate lair?
But, any map or chart of Ian's has got to have Texas on it as well.
Possibly with a big "Avoid at all costs" stamp on it.
"Not habitable"
"Where are the ewoks?"
"I hope JarJar is in this one too, he's my favorite."
"Why don't they just teleport?"
"Why aren't they using their photon torpedoes?"
"Is this the one with Kirk or Picard?"
Just because you're fully grown doesn't make you an adult.
wait yes.
Cyber Monday knows no bounds!
Cyber MoonDay.
Is there a moon?  Yes?  THEN THERE'S A DISCOUNT!
Draw the short straw.
You have to sell yourself!
And, if you can sell yourself, you can sell anything!
Bank?  Food bank, maybe.
Because I wasn't earning enough to afford rent and food.
b'cuz.
Synergy Development and Distribution.
Waddle Expert Class IV.
thick.
solid.
tight.
thick solid tight.
Yarp.
tight.
solid.
BANK.
solid.
solid.
tight.
sean.
sean.
sean.
solid.
Damn.  $5 a month for a crappy server.
Still, better than having to rely on a public service.
If I didn't have my free MT box, I'd get one of these just to have.
Well, MT still has its outstanding support, and all of the Mac designers using WordPress.
WP support at a premium.
If your code worked correctly, it would still work after Julian put it through the wood chipper!
Fire alarm...
0.
It wouldn't surprise me if the trigger was punctuation.
sean solid tight.
Well...  the Tornado show is on TV again.
It's worse than the Jerry Lewis Telethon.  On all of the chanels.
No, no fancy name or anything.
Just, if there's ever a tornado warning, all of the local chanels start doing nothing but All Tornado, All the Time.
tight.
It works just as much as Julian does.
In-n-Out closing nationwide?  Meaning both states?
I'd rather take a burger from my local than anything from In or Out.
Look at Ian, living in a desolate wasteland, devoid of any in or out restaurants.
Ian, living the communist dream...
Just think about how much more room you could have if you didn't have to poop, or sleep.
They didn't haul it back up...
er, sorry.
They didn't haul it back down.
"Look out below!"
Hey, indoor plumbing was amazing at the time.
Imagine, not having to shit in your own room and smell that all night.
It's almost like sharing a T1 connection for your entire building.
"Hey guys, guess what, my building just got an indoor outhouse!  No, really, you can shit INSIDE the building, and it goes outside when you pull a chain!"
Just a few more decades until electric candles!
works 100000% of the time.
tight.
Guess not.
solid.
solids gonna solid.
Morning
No, the autobiography, from Prince.
16 year old servers?
I've got a copy of RedHat from 2000 around here somewhere...
The only difference I see between Bush Jr. and Trump is that no one is stopping Trump from speaking.
Alex, too, has a great relationship with the blacks, apparently.
I'm not convinced of that.
Remember, Bush Jr's puppet master had conflicts of interests out the wazoo.
Cheney might as well have had his arm up Jr's ass the way he was running him as a puppet.
Too bad he wasn't running things.
"You have been tagged with WASTING MY TIME"
a war room for an ascii cat?
Why is everyone doing ascii these days?  Why doesn't anyone ever do anything in ANSI, like the good ol' days.
Don't inflict 2016 on 1975 Flint, they would never be able to handle it.
Since you two are fans, have you seen Atlanta?
I haven't.
Don't know if it's something I'd be into.  I should check it out, though.
I wonder if anything I know of around here is in there.
There are a lot of posts about that protest that are getting deleted from reddit.
By moderators.
Taxmania sounds like an indie VR experience.
"Take a walk through this baren landscape and learn about the tax code."
I need to upgrade my system and get a headset.
I've been waiting my entire life for VR, and I still don't have it.
...
I'm not going to say anything to that.
I don't think I need to.
I wish you luck in your desire to wait for that technology to come to your hardware platform of choice.
You know what I want, more than anything?
A VR version of Civ, where the world is laid out on a table in front of you.
Pick up pieces and move them around the board
Have your advisors around the table
Will, Tabletop Simulator already works in VR
Yeah
http://store.steampowered.com/app/286160/
Will, they have dungeon tilesets on there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGtrJaiUZaA
Connect 4 VR?
Trouble VR
http://store.steampowered.com/app/347720/
I want a VR version of that.
You just gotta grind, man.
It's $CURRENT_YEAR, there are no princesses.  Princess is a gendered term which limits the dreams of anyone who may aspire to royalty.
No Alex, you're the zombie ghost!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHxyZaZlaOs
Did you inject a vape?
What is pax 3?
Because vaping is vapor and chemicals, and smoking is, like, burning.
Burning stuff creats carcenogens.  If you're vaping, you only have to worry about the carcenogens that the chemicals give you on their own.
Yes
!q
Too much almond milk and tea?
"Totally Not A Rip Off Hosting Company and Bait and Tackle"
quick
trip
se
ven
e :FnordX!~root@216.70.82.164 PRIVMSG #realh3 :lev :FnordX!~root@216.70.82.164 PRIVMSG #realh3 :en :NunyasBidness!~NunyasBid@172.28.12.18 PRIVMSG #realh3 :etv
"Expensive, because you suckers will pay it."
I think you mean FUNetize yourself!
"I think you should take your wife out to a nice steak dinner!"
solid and tight
A tight solidnet
donald
Julian broke the bot again.
Rapid Inquiry.  Express Examination.  Immediate Inquisition.
You're the first loser.
Turn ons: Vaping, Talking about vaping, Telling people about how he vapes, Describing his vaping rig
You have to put them in order of importance, and that was too long for the page.
Bro Nye the Broence Guy?
Tales of Game’s Studios Presents Chef Boyardee’s Barkley, Shut Up and Jam: Gaiden, Chapter 1 of the Hoopz Barkley SaGa:  https://www.talesofgames.com/related_game/barkley-shut-up-jam-gaiden/
Ahem, the correct title is Birdemic: Shock and Terror
I wonder which is worse, Birdemic: Shock and Terror, or The Room?
Ian
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3521126/
How can you say that this is an unfortunate turn of events?  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3521126/mediaviewer/rm1416568320
I'm reading the book that the guy who played Mark wrote about doing that movie.
It's kinda amazing in a way.
In a trainwrecky sort of way
https://i.redd.it/z3eac3erg71y.gif
I am not a markov generator.  Unless you count that what I'm saying is being used by a markov generator to generate markov statements, in which case, I'm more of markov fuel than a generator.
That's not from me.  I don't say 'lol'.
tight
That's just a direct copy of what I've said.
Yes it is.
I may have said that in two lines
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5g3p6k/what_is_a_giveaway_that_a_new_job_will_be_awful/dap777d/
Holy shit: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B9hi1GEJ5-OxUmN5dlhQUUp2blk/view
Morning
I mean, Trump can do no wrong, he's their team's pick.
Doesn't matter what he does or says, what promises he breaks, he's still red team, so the "good" guy.
Yes
A person is smart, people are dumb.
There's a difference?
You can reason with a person, you can have discussions with a person, you can't convince people of anything.
Two people can have a conversation, and one can possibly change the thoughts of the other.  It does happen on occasion.
Actually, I believe that, according to the definition of fascist, he was.
Really?  I haven't had any problems down here.
Julian, what do you know about that new store thing they're doing?
Maybe you should try Google Express?
Julian, close your ears, you won't like it.
Google Express is Google ordering and delivery service.
The're more like Instacart.
Or how PrimeNow used to be
No cold stuff or meat
They don't deliver from restaurants right now either.
But they do deliver from Fry's
I can get taco bell delivered, but not by Taco Bell
That's because it's not 4am, and you're possibly not stoned.
Exactly.
If I want bad food, there are a lot of other places open late night that I can get delivery from.
The closest taco bell to me regularly has shoot outs around it.
Yeah, mine does too.
They have one of those things where they push the food through a bullet proof drawer.
Dave?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkiix0aveRk
Wow, do we go to the same taco bell?
I want a key.
Someone send me a key.
Doesn't matter what kind
Keycap, house, mailbox, spam tin, etc.
Julian, I've got a Corsair Strafe Cherry MX Brown keyboard.
No thank you.
If you have to ask, then I don't want your stupid keycaps.
Yeah, brown is the non-clicky tactile one.
Blue is clicky, brown is non clicky, red is no tactile, black is heavy non tactile.
Blue is clicky tactile, brown is silent tactile, red and black are both silent non tactile.
Like, the keyboard that Ian used to have would be a blue.
The same keyboard, without the audible click, is a brown
Which one?
Looking at their site
Das Keyboards have either blue or brown switches.
What do you need explained?
Yeah, but the only games you can play are downloadable ones.
He has the best ass.  People come up to him all the time and tell him that his ass is the greatest.  His ass is Yuuuuge!
How's his keming?
thatsthejoke.jpg
No, more like Retina.
"Hello Pot, this is Kettle, you're black."
Yeah, pretty sure.  It won't fit under my desk on my keyboard tray.
As cool as that would be.
BRING THE MODEL WILL
BRING IT
THE MODEL
BRING IT
Are you bringing the model?
Because this will bring it.
It didn't say anything about a bodega, or the subway.
tight
Seriously, check out that game.
Lewis Carol wrote an entire poem out of jibberish words that had no meaning
"As he stared at her ample bosom, he daydreamed of the dual Stromberg carburetors in his vintage Triumph Spitfire, highly functional yet pleasingly formed, perched prominently on top of the intake manifold, aching for experienced hands, the small knurled caps of the oil dampeners begging to be inspected and adjusted as described in chapter seven of the shop manual."
It was an excerpt from a winning Bulwer Lytton entry.
Well...  "Winning".
tight
Wow.
http://www.bulwer-lytton.com/winners.html
Ian, what was that about Guy Fieri?
http://www.bulwer-lytton.com/lyttony.html
That page has the best of them.
Anyways, Bulwer Lytton was the writer who came up with "It was a dark and stormy night".  They have an annual contest to find the worst phrase in written literature each year in his honour.
"She strutted into my office wearing a dress that clung to her like Saran Wrap to a sloppily butchered pork knuckle, bone and sinew jutting and lurching asymmetrically beneath its folds, the tightness exaggerating the granularity of the suet and causing what little palatable meat there was to sweat, its transparency the thief of imagination. — Chris Wieloch, Brookfield, WI
I can't determine if that's supposed to be sexy or appaling.
tight
Something for Ian:  http://i.imgur.com/R79HEOU.gifv
tiggity tight
"Paul Revere had just discovered that someone in Boston was a spy for the British, and when he saw the young woman believed to be the spy’s girlfriend in an Italian restaurant he said to the waiter, 'Hold the spumoni - I'm going to follow the chick an 'catch a Tory.'"
Another one for Alex:
"Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek, shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit molding her body, which was as warm as the seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood; she was a woman driven - fueled by a single accelerant - and she needed a man, a man who wouldn’t shift from his views, a man to steer her alon
The first one I remember, from back in high school:  "The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarous tribe now stacking wood at her nubile feet, when the strong, clear voice of the poetic and heroic Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my steel through your last meal.'"
zombo.com loads just fine, so everything on the Internet is fine.
I don't normally get bbq sauce in my beard.  Which is strange, since I eat bbq a lot.
But who's fixing the rest of MT?
If you mean "fixing" like you do to a dog.
Not tight
Not at all tight.
I call ambassador to Japan
I don't know, maybe I should go for secretary to the UN?
That way I get to visit all the countries, and don't really have to do anything.
No way.  The secretary to the UN doesn't have any power.  You're thinking of the Secretary to the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
I mean ambassadorship is pretty chill, if it's a country we're good friends with.
Just think, ambassador to Ireland, or the UK, or France
There ya go.
Ok Julian, if you wanna be the mayor of Oakland, that can be arranged.
I think that manditory higher education or trade school would do wonders for the economy.
Don't want to go to college, fine, pick a skilled trade and apprentace.
Because half of the people in high school can't handle that, and are only there because they have to be.
Which is why I say, if you want to exit early and become a skilled tradesman, we should enable that.
I took trig in high school, and I remember none of it.  I also took all sorts of English, and I remember little of it, but I remember the ways it tought me to think.
Joel, exactly.  It shouldn't be as such.
There's nothing wrong with being a plumber, or an electrician, or a carpenter.
We're a nation of middle managers.
Everyone wants to be a middle manager, no one wants to do work, and no one wants to be the one who makes the decisions.
You're saying my degree in women's studies is worthless?
Frankly, that's a misogonistic attitude that's caused by all men being rapists.
Ok, how about this
Free community colleges
Not high-priced universities, just basic classes.  No degree programs, nothing more than an associates degree
I think that once you go for a degree, that should cost you.
And an associates degree should be all about how to think, how to have a conversation, how to have a discussion, how to back up your points with facts, how to debate, etc.
People are always more educated than they have been in the past, because there's always new stuff to learn since we've been kids.
Bleh
Wha'd I miss?
Did everyone get dumped?
Well, it's just good business sense.  Why pay billions when you can just pay one person a few hundred thousand?
I'm really torn on that whole thing.
I don't believe it
But the Guardian said that it's all lies, and they never tell the truth...
So, only free tuition for a degree that you can use at the end of it?
Again, I have to ask, what about my women's studies degree?
So, then the government would control what degrees the tuition was free for?
"We need more doctors, free doctor tuition, but we don't need accountants, no tutition assistance for accounting"?
"Exactly!  I got mine, everyone else can fuck off!"
I do agree that if you're not maintaining your GPA, you should get kicked out.
But what if they're learning the WRONG THING?
The thing is, finishing highschool is a "goal" for a lot of people.
And even community college is a whole different world than highschool.
High school is like a factory.  You go in, you're there all day pulling learning levers, and outputting tests and papers that no one ever uses or reads.
In college you learn more about responsibility, being a person, etc.
The culture clash between highschool and college was huge for me.
Having to go from asking to go to the bathroom to just being expected to show up and do your work was mind blowing.
Morning
So far, he's being a pretty consistent developer.
Ian, is your place even large enough to actually get it on?
Prentending to write new code
Try doing your own thing for a while.
See if it feels better.
Find a project and do it.
No better way, I've found, than to pick a small project and do it.
Apparently they're porting MSSQL to linux.
How out of date is it?
.w the room
.w tommy wiseau
I don't know that that really is tight
I'm sorry to hear that Julian.  Do they have a cure yet?
C'mon, we all know that Utah isn't a real place.
But, I heard, that if you die in Utah, you die in real life!
tight shit
There's always a bug, and it's always UX's fault.
I'm sure it was caused by some idiot using spaces instead of tabs.
tight
Way to mix it up there donny boy...
Ian, always talking about Bingo.
Aren't all numbers 3D if they're written down?
Aren't all numbers 5D if you decide to write them in one instance, and not write them in another?
plus bro
extra bro
you must build additional bro
to bro list
dropbrox
It sounds like 4 hours after a taco bell run.
Like a mini Flo Jo on steroids.
You forgot lover of futbol
Ok...  I must be getting old.  I don't recognize anyone from the Youtube rewind this year.
Am I no longer 'with it'?
"Did you see that ludicrous display last night?"
Wow...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdwz7QiG0lk
Don't worry Donny, you've already got more than a tiny link to autism.
I think I've fast forwarded past him a few times.
man...  1983.
I remember 1983...
Back in 83, we had MTV, transformers, GI Joe, and Dallas.
No they're not.
You're talking crazy talk. :ian!~ian@rrcs-24-136-125-138.nyc.biz.rr.com PRIVMSG #realh3 :hahah chris is in denial
Ian's living in some crazy world where there was more than just the animated Transformers movie.
Like anything like that would ever happen.
THEY ALREADY MADE THE BEST TRANSFORMERS MOVIE EVER, WHY WOULD ANYONE MAKE ANY MORE?!
I wouldn't mind living in the post-punk era again.
You think that a gun is going to do what 40 years of suicidal depression, bad diet, sedentary lifestyle, and low self esteem hasn't?
Ugh
Trump tweets I can handle, but Jason?
https://i.redd.it/ox32wnztk62y.jpg
Morning
So does that mean that Ian's picture is finally gone?
Are you sure about that?
You know, it involves stuff with computers.  What are you expecting them to be some sort of nerds who do computer stuff?
I'm sorry, but any time I hear about someone named Rod, the only person I can think of is the guy from Birdemic: Shock and Terror.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CnyuJ31Wyw
Reeeealy?
Birdemic: Shock and Terror is one of those movies you need to be drunk and with a group of people to enjoy.
And, as big of a fan as I am of that show, The Walking Dead can drag quite a lot.  I'd be surprised if you don't drop it after the first season.
Yeah, I mean, it's not going to go away or anything.  It might be something to binge while you're laying in your hospital bed, waiting to die.
There's some good stuff, and a lot of filler.
A show I've recently been binging is "Homicide Hunter".
It sounds like it's one of those stupid shows
but they've got this cop who worked for, like, 40 years, talking about the cases he worked, and it's a lot better than it has any right to be.
Colorado Springs
Not really, so not so much shootouts and drug raids as procedure and investigation.
http://www.investigationdiscovery.com/parking-lot-shooting/
Fast forward that to about 30 seconds to get past the crap
Be careful of Vermont.  They'll never let you leave until you hear about how great Vermont is.
I bet there are some fine places in Vermont, but they're all ruined by Vermonters.
Well, there was Ben and Jerry's, but then they sold out.
Why would you want to do that?
Oh
Well...  Poutine...
French People = Not Nice.  Canadians = Extra Nice.  Δ French Canadians = Only a little bit not nice?
My experience in Canada was that Canadians were just as nice as Alaskans.
Just, basically, don't have a reason not to be nice.
I'd say Blender
So is Gimp
Why is that important?
It's important because sarcasm?
of course?
Why of course?
He ded
Someone broke into his house, shot him, stole his computer, and has since been shot and had that computer stolen again.
http://www.bizjournals.com/atlanta/news/2016/12/08/2-chainz-opens-restaurant-in-castleberry-hill.html
Someone send Will an email asking if he's ok.
MT isn't so much on a downward spiral as an escalator.  A pleasant journey with the option of going a bit faster by taking some additional effort on your own.
.w birdemic: shock and terror
http://i.imgur.com/iz2fNuU.jpg
That's being generous Alex.
There's only room for 1/2 of a person.
You'll all need to breathe in shifts.
Guess the image was too much for Alex to take.
Morning
Whazzzzzzzzzup?!?
You scream
I secrem
we all scream
We never stop
So many people here who've never made a typo.  Please, tell me your secrets.
So, is that for, like, viewing VR characters out of VR?
So, you can have your VR waifu talk to you when you don't have your headset on?
Welp...  I guess birth rates in Japan are going to go down again.
Did anyone catch the denko face in that vid?
(´･ω･`)
I mean, if you go into the history of, say, Germany, you'll find it sounds a lot like Japan, I'm sure.
So, I'm guessing it'll end up like Fallout.  US and China end up nuking each other.
I mean, China is already pretty pissed with us on a daily basis.
There's no reason to insult all of these world leaders by comparing them to Trump, Ian.
If China calls in their loan, and we default, what the hell would even happen?
If we're like "We're at war with you, we're not paying you back!" what the hell would happen?
Los JarJar?
And all of that shit happening in S.Korea.
PRESIDENT TRUMP
SAY IT LOUD
SAY IT PROUD
SAY IT IAN
EL PRESIDENTE TRUMP
I don't think that we'll have a cival war.  That would imply certain areas against certain areas.
I think it'd be more like a gurilla war.
Campus terrorists and shit, like back in the 60's.
More like the cities vs. rural america.
Florida won't care.
They're too busy being crazy.
Alaska and Hawaii are too far away to care.
I think that with the response we're seeing to Trump, the name calling, the labeling him as a nazi fascist communist misogonist pro-rape anti-women anti-Muslim etc. demogog, it's going to start getting a lost worse.
I don't know who's going to do what, but he's a rogue element.
I think he may not be as bad as people are saying he's going to be, but I think he's going to piss everyone off, except for the businesses, who are going to own him.
It's going to be a government of business, for business, by business, representing the interestes of business.
Joel, I agree.  He's going to piss off the senate at some point, and they're going to kick him out in a bipartisan effort, and we'll have President Pence
goldman sacks = old man sacks = wrinkly testacles
Alex, so vailantly, trying to change the conversation to anything else.
So, better get your underground bunkers and your tubs of survival rations.
Bug-Out Bag
The cities are more valuable, but without the people in the country growing food and providing materials, the value of those cities is going to fall.
It's the accepted terminology, though.
I don't think it's the concervatives that are going to cause issues, I think it's the ultra-leftists.
Yeah.  I bet we'll see them as well, but they're going to be shitty in public, not ruining shit.
Yeah, but that'll be out in the open
Ruining shit, like, protests and bombs and shit.
Kill people with your cheese knife, take their bug-out bag.
What's more likely is that things get more shitty.
$100%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsUHBouFMrA
Yeah, who the fuck films vertial in this day and age?
He's got a 16:9 screen on his phone!
Checkmate athiests!
letmeexcitewebsearchthatforyou.com
letmedogpilethatforyou.com
letmearchiethatforyou.com
letmeAOLKeywordsearchthatforyou.com
Not just.  Finger is a protocol that isn't used anymore.
face donuts?
I don't know, people can throw knives pretty far.
https://i.redd.it/eu12tul8la3y.png
Guns don't kill people, exsanguination kills people.
Jennifer Lawrence
She's hot because of her personality
Looks wise, she's kinda soccer mom-ish.
It's weird, like, the cast members from The Walking Dead, the women on there are all without makeup, and then you see them elsewhere and they're all made up and they look worse.
Emily Kinney though...
"Hello stop I would like a girlfrield stop Please respond to this telegraph at your earliest convenience stop"
Are they real cute, or work cute?
.w KMFDM
Yeah
I like that one song they do.  You know, the one where they say KMFDM over and over?
Yeah, they actually do a lot of good stompy music.
just Industrial
What we have these days is post stomp
The state of Industrial music has really dropped off in the last decade.
I think you'd have to fight that against the BBS makers.
I'd love to go to Ireland some day, see where most of my ancestors came from.
Although, looking at a lot of the areas, it's mostly just farm land.
Wait
Where are they at?
Like, beachy drinks?
Umbrellas?
No sand?
Are they at a club?
Just be yourself, but your better self.  Your not-creepy-stalkery self.
Wait, what, 48-72 hours?
Just like DNS propagation?
"Sorry, your TTL has expired.  NEXT!"
Julian, it's pretty safe to say, that that will never happen.
You could do what we used to do back when I was young, go and hang out at the mall, offer to buy a girl you like the latest Nirvana tape and an Orange Julius.
And not just "I wonder what she does with her tongue"
Morning
feck
Is their next one going to be called 'wyoke'?
So, there's this question on reddit about, if you were Bill Gates and wanted to ruin the economy, how would you do it.
I mean, even if he caused Windows to go *poof*, there'd still be enough linux distros for the Internet to continue to work.
It wouldn't cause the stock market to crash, since they don't run on windows.
It might cause various traders to not be able to trade, but the trade bots are mostly running linux.
Yeah, it would.
It would take people a while to come up with a plan to get everything running on linux.
Or move to macs
People can still write cheques.
And peopole will still accept E-Corp creds
Was tinder the cow kicking over a lantern that led to the great fire of chicago?
Well, that can be a good thing, Julian.
I mean, most people are not on fire all of their lives.
Every single person either is or is not on fire.
And you don't know if they're on fire until you meet them.
.w neo classical
Butt humour is universal humour.
Ergo, it's worthless in the humour economy.
Will, did you tell your wife to expect 1-3 inches as well?
Guess it's better to over-expect.
Still using...  god, what is it...
Hover
Maybe I should use google domains?
Just have most of my money going to google
Google domains don't do that.
How about .zone?
diaf.zone
Why not you-got.it
ugot.it
I AM TRYING TO FIND A SOLUTION TO YOUR PROBLEM!
YOU DON'T HAVE TO YELL AT ME SIR, I AM TRYING TO HELP YOU!
Piarulli Bruno
  Name:             Piarulli Bruno
  Organization:     Bruno Piarulli
  Address:          Via Turati n. 16/c
                    Gorle
                    24020
                    BG :FnordX!~root@216.70.82.164 PRIVMSG #realh3 :                    IT :julian!~julian@helium.naydichev.com PRIVMSG #realh3 :yeah, fuck that guy.
Hmm...  Google domains is less than Hover.
$3, but still...
Maybe giving-you-the.business?
there's .fyi
dia.fya
er, dia.fyi
there's also .in
let.me.in
Feh
You think I've got time to type all of these into a terminal, doing a whois for each one?
Well, I do, BUT I'M NOT GOING TO!
Test in production!  Dev is production!  QA by customers!
http://i.imgur.com/FuMXa.gif
http://i.imgur.com/vQGzIDD.jpg
It looks interesting.
But...  why?
It's not created by Google, is it?
Well, fonts are all lines and angles, which I guess you'd need to know about as an astrophysist.
https://i.imgur.com/Fd3yWgu.png
I mean, they at least have one non-white person in the picture.
Not like the Huffington Post or Kotaku.
http://prntly.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/FB_IMG_1463846545589.jpg
I'm one of those horrible people who doesn't care about diversity of the people making the product I'm using, I just want the best product I can get.
It's not like I use dropbox at all anymore.
Google is very diverse.
Morning
Ian:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uCEeCUecNI
Rouge Juan?
But, JarJar saved the series!
tight indeed
Sounds more like a 'wait for streaming'
"Wait to rent it at your local video rental store"
Gene's
Bissy
Man...  I remember how much merch there was for Prequil 1
They had JarJar lollypops, where you could suck on his tongue.
Yeah
Surprisingly, those didn't seem to sell well.
Congratuations, you're now officially an adult.
I am also ready to serious relationship.
Yes
And I am ready to serious relationship.
Can you even serious relationship?
HOOOAH!
Just because you get paid for something doesn't mean you're a pro.
There's a difference between a professional and a pro.
You ean earn money doing "systems administration" at, say, a fly-by-night web hosting company out in Culver City, but that doesn't mean that you're a pro.
You're earning a living by sucking?
Japan is strange.  They are pretty spot on with technology, but with social connections, it gets kinda wonky.
I can see that being turned into a thing for kids over here.
I mean, personal agents are coming
Google Assistant is just the tip of the iceberg for all of that.
Gaijin
It's been...  23 years since I went to Japan.
23 years since I was almost conversational in Japanese.
I just used that google photoscan to get my pictures from that trip into my online photo album.
Ian:  https://goo.gl/photos/nA5dVhestTmQeHjJ9
Be careful, those photos are of a 17 year old me, straight from Alaska
Why would I claim that was me if it wasn't?
Why would I put my name to those pictures if it wasn't?
Yeah, that guy was kinda an ass.
Spent two weeks with him, trying to peacock across Hokkaido.
https://goo.gl/photos/fPrGzW3ZMayu7qfi8 Yes, they had us get up in front of the entire school.
THE
ENTIRE
SCHOOL
Ugh.  Two weeks on a bus, it seemed like.
And not a regular bus
A Japanese-sized bus.
Nope, Google Photoscan :ian!~ian@rrcs-24-136-125-138.nyc.biz.rr.com PRIVMSG #realh3 :or is there some new way to do it that makes sense :FnordX!~root@216.70.82.164 PRIVMSG #realh3 :You can just use your phone
https://www.google.com/photos/scan/
The pictures are coming from INSIDE THE PHONE!
thx lx
Alex: You're not nearly as bad as most people say.
How's that?
Ian, no, that's an option in Google Photos
If you do an album, you can add maps, titles, etc.
Next version is named Lemmy
Not yet.  I'll likely pick it up when it goes on sale.
I wouldn't say no to that.
I might even say 'thank you' if you were to send that to me.
Alex, what kind of adventure game are you looking for?
Alex, if you haven't played it, get Fallout: New Vegas.
You can get it for about $5 when it's on sale.
It's honestly the best fallout game.
Ian's just salty because you have a sofa.
He has to stand all day/night.
Yahooli
Ian gon die
Better go out and buy up all of the milk, bread, and eggs, Ian.
People in NYC don't care about snow.
*Standard people in NYC don't care about snow.
Just wait until it's snowed, and all of the snow gets packed down, and then it rains, and it turns into a sheet of ice.
http://i.imgur.com/pzP0iRa.jpg
No, I'm giving Ian a view of the future.
A baby is anyone more than 10 years younger than you, an old person is anyone 10 years older than you.
https://i.reddituploads.com/696c13f940424d9c833c091311e500c7?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=deb5e60d91b41affb16148d9b8483bce
You should really talk to someone's manager about that.  I mean, if you weren't told, how the hell were you supposed to have known?
And some people use them practically.
Morning
not.alex.aga.in
damnit, aga.in is already registered.
All chaps are assless.
It's the famous Maury cook.
LIVING IN THE FUTURE!
In the original star trek, they barely had voice control.
They didn't have it at all in Star Wars.
You could argue that.
Are you going to argue that?
Are you going to argue that a movie series with magical laser sword monks has voice commanded robots that were based off of medieval japanese pesants?
Are you sure that's what you want to argue?
That you want to spend your time arguing about japanese pesant robots?
I didn't even have to bring up masturbating wookies.  Good.
There's plenty of people who don't like coffee.
Like, for example, Hitler didn't like coffee.
You know who else escalated quickly?
Hitler.
You know, you can use ground coffee in a keurig, you just have to get one of those baskets for it.
I use it at home.  Go and get my coffee from Sprouts, grind it fine, have good coffee.
Grind it there at Sprouts.
Sure, it's not as good if you're grinding it at the store, but if you only get a week or two's worth, it's still good.
Like a joke in the New Yorker
Really?  Did you use a fine grind?
Like, a turkish grind
Julian, you've got a 3d printer, right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlO8lr_MX0g
Like that one?
China
Does your link have a cute asian girl with big tits showing it off?
Suddenly much less interested in clicking on your link.
You should see some of the projects she does.
Oh dude, you don't know Lawrence?
Everybody knows Lawrence!
See?  Even Donny likes him.
What elevators?
Lots of blind rage for everyone.
Was it?
Was it really?
Blurray
Fucking romulans
Today is Prickle-Prickle, the 62nd day of The Aftermath in the YOLD 3182
https://www.html5zombo.com/
What was that about people deserving to be enslaved in factories?
That's it
.g corporate slave snog
Damn...  that song really takes me back to the goth and industrial clubs of the late 90's.
I can practically smell the cloves, leather, hair spray, and dry ice.
Ian, you might like that guy's music.  Pretty anti-corporate rivethead music.
tight
Julian, here's something to consider:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzC4hFK5P3g
How about https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vyfc10qDcR4
Or maybe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZvnfBTnaj0
Morning
https://blog.toggl.com/2016/12/developers-explained-with-lightbulbs/
Cogeco Peer1
Not Pier One
We do servers, not wicker and candles.
Nope
Not even a single candle.
We had a big Phillipino community up in Alaska.
Yeah.  I miss the hell out of the scenery in Alaska, and most of the time the climate as well.
I do not miss the job market, the cost of things, how few options I had for employment, and the lack of technology.
http://i.imgur.com/qePVbpR.jpg
How are you taking it Ian?
Let's check back in in a month and see how you're doing then.
Ian: "I remember being warm once..."
"I'm living in a place where the cold hurts my face.  Why am I living in a place where the cold hurts my face?"
tight
Alex, we don't need to know about your bowel movements.
I only take notes about my own.
diaf
So...  I've decided, I'm going to trade in all of my old consoles and games and finally get myself a VR headset.
A Vive, of course.
All of the last gen ones.
360, PS3, Wii, PS2
I'm not sure.  I need to go through all sorts of boxes.
I should have a list done up tonight.
You know, red delicious apples are pretty horrible.
You don't rent in detroit, you just plant your flag, or put some rocks together to claim the land.
Detroit: The VR Experience
someone steals your headset.
Someone's been listening to Night Vale...
It's been going for, what, about 5 years now.
It's one of those creepy/funny ones.
You can go see star wars every day
.w efnet
Because you make the saints cry
Yeah, searching reddit makes me uncomfortable as well.
I'm not your pal, buddy.
You're right.  More Julian = More creepy.
"When questioned about his election promises, President Elect Trump tweeted 'lol'."
Morning
Well, it's finally happened.
We're living in a post-Frog Fractions 2 world.
No, not yet.
Frog Fractions 2 was finally discovered.
The first one was a flash game that kinda came out of nowhere.
http://twinbeard.com/frog-fractions/
They set up a kickstarter for their next game, and said that they wouldn't announce it, just release it inside another game, and that other game has finally been discovered.
It's...  kinda strange to say that all out loud.
2016, adding to the body count
Hope she wasn't supposed to be in 9
But she achieved something that most people never will, she's become immortal through those films.  People hundreds of years from now will know her.
Assuming that there are still people hundreds of years from now.
I'm hoping that society doesn't collapse for another 50 years, because then I'll be dead and I won't care.
Hell, 40 years would likely be enough.
Morning
Actually I finally managed to get it working.
I'm liking it a lot more than I thought I would
I heard how much of a disappointment the first one was, but this one seems really solid.
If you like GTA type games, it seems like something that would be a good choice.
I do have to say that the online stuff isn't doing it for me.
People invading your game, or just popping in as co-op players and starting shit in your game.
You can turn it off.
I just wish that it was one of those things where you could just do a co-op mission if you feel like it
It's got an interesting progress tree for character updates.
Like, I have the ability to hack robotic forklifts, cars, scissor lifts, and transfer money out of people's accounts.
Oh, and home security robots.
It's more of a stealth game than a GTA-style game.
I just did a mission to take down the game's version of the church of scientology
Am I even still connected?
I guess so.
tight
There's no one around this week.
The train station today had almost no cars at it.
No
You are not 'rite'.
Why are they requesting that, instead of an MTR?
Too bad you don't have access to a cisco device and can ping the stuff from that interface.  I remember it was just a long list of .'s and !'s
Too bad.
Didn't that happen a while ago?
No, I could swear that that happened a few months ago...
I can't find anything on the web about it.
Maybe I'm just going crazy or something.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT4rfdW73nw
http://imgur.com/cdxxES4
Morning
Morning
You sure he's not just talking about in a slavery sort of way?
Nah, it was a markov response
with the 0 in the last response.
highly?
Moderately, at best.
ACTION slowly shakes his head.
Alex, is this you?  http://i.imgur.com/ylptTBx.jpg
Not for 40 years, though.
So, apparently, pot is legal in Alaska again...
Hey Ian, back from Flavortown?
Wow
$6 for a PBR?
Is that, like, normal NYC pricing?
man...
I don't drink beer, but you can get them at the local punk bars here for $1
Bottles, $1, draft maybe $1.50, cocktails, a bit more.
Because it's a great place to live.
So many craft breweries around here.  So many growler places.
Makes me wish I liked beer.
Ian, if I wanted the Guy Fieri experience, I'd chew on aluminium foil while giving myself a buzz cut with a cheese grater.
Joke's on Ian, the ice that the PBR was stored in was actually just clear bacon fat.
Donkey Sauce PBR Experience
We're talking about Guy Fieri, so, yes, it is gross.
Did you read the NYT review of that restaurant?
In case someone in here hasn't: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/14/dining/reviews/restaurant-review-guys-american-kitchen-bar-in-times-square.html
Worth a read.
Man...  I remember when those bloomin' onions came out.
https://twitter.com/pamyuprince/status/816107015525298176
Yeah, everyone out there was bloomin' onion crazy.
Yeah, 1988.
Yeah, they had them at chili's for a while as well.
If you get a place where they go through a lot of grits, they can be good, especially the cheese grits.
If you get a place where no one orders grits, they can be pretty bad.
I never really order grits.
Waffle House is a great place if you want a hamburger or eggs at 4am
It's not great if you're wanting high-class food.
Or food that's anything other than basic short-order food.
https://i.imgur.com/OG2hHwW.jpg
The awful waffle, as they call it down here.
It's fine as long as you know what you're getting yourself into.
It's fresh low class food.
Better than Denny's.
The food's not bad.  It's nothing fancy, but it's solid for most things.
Nah, I normally just get a double quarter cheese plate, covered and topped.
Most other people get the all-star.
https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/4vcrn6/iama_waffle_house_waitress_ama/
"Do you know that we're all stoned?"  "Do you know we're probably even more stoned?"
No
It's like a dinner
A short-order restaurant
There really aren't many national restaurants like it, nothing really to compare it to.
Imagine if you went into a dinner in a small town, that's about what you'd expect from any of them.
Breakfast, eggs, hamburgers, hot sammiches, waffles, coffee, and everything served with hash browns.  Everything cooked on a griddle.
Steak and Eggs, eggs and bacon, hamburgers and hash browns, etc.
Yeah.  It's low class food, but it's fresh and pretty good.
If you're hungry, and you see a huddle house, keep driving another 5 minutes until you get to a waffle house.
Better way to explain WaHo:  http://i.imgur.com/coGG0bc.jpg
Yeah, you don't look at the menu.  You find what you want, and just remember it for next time.
What about it can't they get right?
Like I haven't been spamming H3 for twenty minutes about WaHo already?
No, it was a mundane mushroom
America is also based off of an agrarian culture
American breakfasts are "Fill you up and keep you going while you're working out in the fields" sort of food.
http://i.imgur.com/dyVVr8h.jpg
Meat, eggs, beans, mushrooms, eggs on toast, tomatos
Who the hell eats beans and mushrooms for breakfast?
I mean, bacon, eggs, hash browns, yeah
beans?
Apparently in europe, they don't have much of a concept of vegetarian.
There are reasons to eat a hotdog with a fork and knife, like if it's one of those huge dogs covered in chili.
I mean, if you cover it like that, you're going to have to eat it with a fork and knife, or get your hands messy.
YOU DON'T EAT A SANDWICH WITH A FORK AND KNIFE!
That's because they haven't found out about how "special" it makes them.
HOSTCHOPPER WORLD
That was all the flavor he could handle.
I remember FF8 had a card game in it as well.
!q
solid
Alex is the prototypical first date.
https://i.reddituploads.com/3819cfa44abb46e19af34febf72a9e7d?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=3fbeba9a265f827059243e2d14f1f722
If she's not interested in anything serious, that should be something that you and her talk about in your various conversations.
"Where is this going?  Like, serious relationship status, or just Tacoma?"
Best thing to expect is to have fun in each other's company.  Anything more than that is a bonus.
Plz no
I don't want to think about Julian having kids.
"Daddy, how did you and mommy meet?"
Julian, that's not true.  They gave you that really nice chain and shackle for your desk!
She's in a growth industry, I'm sure.
Ah, the 2nd Avenue line?
I heard a story about that on NPR
Wow
So, is that going to make your life any easier?
So, once that all comes in by end of day today, it's going to feel like the normal subway?
I'm sure that some people will see it as a challenge.
"No one has pissed in this elevator yet!  Score!"
There are a few bathrooms in some of the stations here.
I think you mean OUR NATION'S CAPITOL!
Yeah, glad it worked for you.  I've had some good luck with that thing once I learned how to use it.
.w operation mindfuck
Project Phallus
Sorry, FalOS
"Did someone actually pay you to come up with that idea?  Because if they did, they deserve a refund."
"My therapist said I shouldn't be so negative, so I'm going to try to be as positive about this as I can.  I'm sure that that idea looks really great on the construction paper with all of the different colours of crayons that you drew it on there with."
UX is the only team.
hard tack
mizzenmast
man, I wish I could find ace pear cider consistently.
it's one of the few beer-type beverages I enjoy.
Actually, Alex, take a look at this: https://thevortexatl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/V.Liquor.1-1-17PostOnWebsite.pdf
Look at the "Draft Concoctions" section
Yeah
Well, beer and cider
If you're wanting the cocktail menu, it's over here: https://thevortexatl.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Cocktail-Shots.11-1-16_TIKIML.pdf
https://i.reddituploads.com/fee554a10de644a7b749b5b0961c61d3?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=73ca1465f2c7873d83eb32eeed9e091a
Yeah, she was in Firefly if you haven't seen that.
And yeah, Morena was disturbingly hot in Deadpool.
Morning
Dom's not here, man.
I've just got everything running through plex on my desktop, and a chromecast on my TV
Well, there's yer problem.
They used to have style and functionality
Now they've got...  uhm...
Walled Gardens
They're becoming AOL of the 10's.
"Yes, everyone is doing things this way, but we think things are better if we do them this completely different way!"
I guess if you knew the history of Apple Talk, it wouldn't surprise you.
.w apple talk
Look, apple has their own thoughts on the way that they think the tech industry should run.  And that's fine.
If you think that the tech industry should run that same way, good for you.
I don't see much difference these days between the Apple OS and Linux as far as usability and applications go.
I do see a major difference between their backends, and how they support external services.
I just wish they'd gone with BeOS.
Yeah, it was a fully indexed file system.
Alex: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsVydyC8ZGQ
That was back in '98
It totally blew everything else away at the time.
Back when Windows98 and OS7 had problems playing a single video, on the same hardware you could play 10 videos, on fully rendered 3d objects.
I really miss the BeOS UI
It was seriously the cleanest and easiest to use UI I've ever used.
Yeah, exactly
"If you put BeOS on your computers, we won't sell you Windows"
It was
But MSFT is like "What are you gonna do, sue us?"
BeOS was hoping that Apple was going to pick them up as their next OS, but, instead, they re-hired Jobs and went with NeXT
It was the first true multi-threading OS, designed from the ground up to use multi-core systems.
Yeah, it was.
I have to stop watching that video.  It just makes me angry remembering how much I loved using that OS.
I went from Amiga Workbench 3.2 to BeOS 1.0
I remember that BeOS would boot from BIOS to fully functional in 11 seconds.
It would take Win98 about that long on the same system.
There's HaikuOS, which is a group of people trying to re-create the OS from documentation.
Yeah, Rob, but how long until it's actually able to fully function?  Like, able to run any program.
.w Haiku (operating system)
The Haiku thing is because the web browser that shipped with BeOS had haiku error messages in it.
http://8325.org/haiku/
Ian, if it wasn't in german, I might have believed you.
The lenin cats really sell it.
Yeah.  On old 98 equipment.
I still do
I recently played Superhot.  It's the most innovative shooter I've played in years!
You should.  It's kind of expensive, I'd wait for it to go on sale again.
https://superhot.video/s/DeafeningClearHeliotropeKatydid
Yeah, it's a sub $20 game
Actually, the extra $5 may be worth it just for Tree Dude.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdxrrmXHuMk
