oh hi
been a while since my laptop became so riddled with GD spyware that i felt like i was gonna lose my job for being in h3. how you guys been?
oh ya know
working from home now, new hires are working on some shit
how bout you?
excellent
we trolled him pretty hard when my friend and i visited NYC
few weeks ago
had a grand old time
yeah let's set a reminder for like… april, when it's still fucking snowing
everyone around you, even the ones who have done this 100 times, will start to just be pissed off ALL THE TIME when they wake up and it's like… freezing rain
their steps are covered in ice
the wind hurts their face
the whole city will just be angry.
then the sun will come out and everyone will rage so hard
then again this is NYC, they probably don't even fucking notice it
alright, what makes it go?
okay then
0
Ha, yes
so if i say fleck, it will use my logs
so happy right now
well then
yeah, very ian
i like the tiny dataset i'm giving it
fleck
tight
alex
please
also yeah, still shredding. not living that irresponsibly, but i'll be fixing that soon enough
you guys probably saw this on reddit, but if ya didn't
"cavemen seeing fire for the first time" https://i.imgur.com/rFSatCF.gifv
look how happy fat kids are before middle school
all downhill after that
that baseball gif is the actual pittsburgh pirates in the 90's
can confirm, ian was fat when i met him, and it was super fucking weird when i moved back and he was skinny
wow, haven't heard about ghost love score in a minute
haha
Morning
how's it going?
actually awesome
where are you working these days?
haha cool
tell them i said what's up
i miss laura, i wish i saw her more often
OH I GET IT
she went to belgium but came back
i think the job fell through or something like that
dude go for it
for real, given the choice
both are great, but one has awesome weather
and waaaaaaves braaaaah
sounds fantastic
i've never been and didn't think i had any desire until my gf went with her parents (her dad works there a decent amount and they lived there before she was born) and she sends me this pic
they're in the outdoor jacuzzi/gym/lounge of a hotel, watching a family of whales just kicking it in the ocean
sipping drinks like ballers
and apparently that's just… kinda what it's like there?
as a dude who is dating a marine biology researcher… i'm very interested
because hey, might end up there
how long were you there?
whatup!
how's it doin?
nice!
must be a welcome change. you guys are in real winter now
haha
the ian dream
ian i was like 10 hours into a 12-trip travel that should have been an 8-hour trip
and annabel brought me to :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :then ian's dream is seattle and portland new developments :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :cuz thats what's going on
"this hotel we stayed at once when i was a kid, come look at this parlor that looks like it's from the victorian era"
i almost burned the place to the ground
this is when i finally reached the point of honesty of "i don't care about neat looking rooms at all"
"and i probably never will. i'm sorry but victorian things are stupid"
LOL
i'd be into that
hahaha
emperor Ian
my new favorite mental picture
it'd be by the 20 hottest guys alex knows?
i'd love to hang out there but it looks like the kinda place that they only let you into if you have a 300-level six pack
yeah as far as i know bathhouses aren't for bathing
that just means dudes with six packs and capes and feathery helmets are getting it on
ian remember when we hung out with my weird friend in new york, and he said that when he was in italy the guy who played King Herod in the passion of the christ invited him to a bathhouse sex party?
i want to steal my friend's idea and make a bathroom at my house that's a perfect recreation of an airplane bathroom
like you close the door behind you and "VVVRRMRMMMMMMMMMM"
i'm just sitting here wondering how Alex knows 20 hot dudes. I have a lot of dude friends and I think like 4 of them would be considered attractive.
i have no idea what even makes the bot talk anymore
whaaaa
haha
AH
it's a 0
what if i say feck and 0 in the same message?
man. amateur hour. 0 fleck
self-aware enough to say "no"
i'm convinced that there are two possibilities
one of you is logged in as DonaldDrumpf and fucking with me
or the bot is self aware
oh okay
whatup everyone
oh you know
dealing with the disaster that is MT's first attempt at remote hiring
oh yeah they had some big debut of it at the office
i got some coffee and left
i hear that
haha exellent
just wanna jump in and point out that our cloudtech new hire can't type fast enough to do chat support
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh
LOL
ian remember when you used to describe me as "beleaguered"?
it's very true now
honestly i'm much more at ease now
but right now i'm watching a remote CT hire try his damndest to figure out the CS help form
washington state
we have a CS new hire in portland who can't navigate the account center after a month
where? i get up there from time to time
oh shit i was there last june, i should have hit you up
i think i'm coming up in april
yeah sorry
go rob go
lol
man. didn't realize how into the roman empire i was
these guys knew how to party
i had nothing but fresh fucking pots
:(
ha
gahd, if i could just smack anyone in the face with no consequences
it would be russ reeder
if i hear one more fucking russ reeder apologist talk about that time they spent an hour with him in a casual social setting and he's actually pretty cool
"he's okay to sit beside at a table"
wow, i sure would like him to sell my place of work to the corporate enemy
man i hope we never do a remote hire again
and/or we put some serious tests on people who are gonna get hired straight into cloudtech
lol
it's so rough
"oh this person will have no supervision as a CS agent… let's pick someone who can't even use a control panel while she's screen sharing and having someone tell her what to click and type"
yup
and when the only people they have to fool are… you know… people who have never touched a terminal in their lives
"This person seems like they have the technical skills to do this job, even though they failed all of the base-level tech tests we have put into the interview process." - Dolph, who doesn't even know what a web server is, and Eric Shure, who jumped straight from billing into management
"jeff can magically take this person who can't copy and paste using the keyboard and train them to tell apache vs. mysql issues in 3 weeks, i'm sure of it." lol
ha
dude our test is like "install wordpress by following step by step instructions, and set up apple mail. we tell you how to do it, just fill in the blanks"
and people fail both miserably and we just go "ah well, dolph thinks you're technical"
dude we've been complaining about this for TWO YEARS
and eric's just like "well we need that many butts in seats and we don't get the applicants we used to"
oh bro
i'm holding out until i get the bonus and my taxes are paid
then i'm just gonna sip tea and shred licks all day
LOL
<3
haha
julian, i do love me some seattle
do you ever see a dude named ian webb there?
i refer to him as "other ian" and he's a good dude, also former MT
too many dudes
i've proposed solutions to MT's hiring problems
such as "when they think they're hired, just sit a laptop in front of them and say, 'move the text from this box into this other box, using just the keyboard." and if they take longer than 5 seconds, they don't get the job
same with "log into this test email account and send a test message to this email address." if it takes longer than 30 seconds, they don't get the job.
lol donald
i've brought this up in real meetings and they think i'm joking
too real
so speaking of "how does anyone care about MT"
there's this bug on the grid
where it won't let you save an FTP user's home directory. it defaults to /users/username@domain, which is useless as we all know
it just reverts back to that. unless you type a custom path
then it LOOKS like it reverts back to the /users directory, but it actually works. you just have to test it with an FTP client and know that the AC is just lying to you
yeah this one has been for a while, it's blowing my mind.
aw jeez
right
yeah it doesn't SEEM complicated
but the grid is a mysterious thing
bummer
ian this is why i love you
ian this is why i hate you
you can't take a god damn compliment
haha true
ian does your apartment building still smell like burned food
and are you still a cheap bastard at goldeneye?
(nico still yells "COUGAR COUGAR COUGAR" sometimes)
the ad does perfectly capture MT today
no one knows who we are, what we're doing, what we're selling, or why anyone would buy it
here are some meaningless phrases to not-answer all of those questions
it's just like talking to anyone in management
every time i talk to someone about my job they just say weird inspirational business phrases at me and i keep going "what does that mean?" and they talk in circles
JESUS
i hear ya
were?
LOL
man those new hire emails went downhill
LOL
i keep looking at this: https://union.io/images/repo/20140728-00.png
his top 3 bands are: 2 bands and 2 internet radio stations
so like… no matter which way you look at it, he's answering the question incorrectly
i've judged every incoming MT employee on their new hire email
and by god i haven't been wrong in 2 years
dude that kid answers more intelligently than half of our new hires
in every group we get like half of them going "WAIT THAT GETS SENT OUT TO EVERYONE?"
i'm willing to bet he had a better understanding of the questionnaire
some of them just leave half of it blank out of sheer laziness
most of their books are like… shit everyone was forced to read in 9th grade, or some hokey self-help shit
"the giver"
that's always the dead giveaway that i'm dealing with a moron
the less that you give, you're a taker \m/
http://www.mtv.com/crop-images/2013/09/04/ronniejamesdio1.jpg
lol, mtv.com. ew, thanks google image search
yes, donald. it was a pic, and it is awesome.
neat
explain
haha, perfect
"like 19th century seafaring outlaws?" is probably the best thing i will see typed out today
0
good to know even robots get confused about affected/effected
HA
this makes me love my current gig
my worst risk is an eye-rolling gf
ha
alex, my job is retarded but at least i get to do it from home and click pics of babes
i'm just takin what i can get
haha
what's MNML?
i mean, what does it stand for?
man this is my first day working hung over in about a year
ffffffff
so unhappy
hm
haha, tough call
LOL
"thanks google for replacing my memory as well as my ability to look for information"
you guys see about the airport shooting today?
ft. lauderdale, 3 dead 9 wounded
i wonder what the guy looks like
so we can decide if this is 'terrorism' or 'some dude with a gun'
could be
i just know i saw a headline about a guy setting off a bomb in a walmart a few weeks ago
and he was a white dude, and they didn't call him a terrorist, they used some stupidly innocuous term
lol
offtopic, but i do love to see the baby boomers get rekt
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5fr0nq/do_you_think_theres_anything_to_this_whole_battle/damc6eo/
ha
yeah
Bailey's.
i will never click a URL that ends in pirate-fonts.html
the tits would earn a stern reprimand
pirate-fonts.html will be immediate termination
HAHA
dude these are amazing
the names
pirate keg regular
arrr matey BB
captain swabby nf regular
ian you have to see this
bucanera
!
dope
really?
raaaaad hahahaha
i would make fun of you but i'm literally a dude who prances around in bell bottoms with a guitar, pretending to be a wizard
LOL
the ian trolling around here is out of control, i gotta get Nico in on this
alex you probably mean nikko barnes
he is still around
and is still one of the cooler people at the office
 aren't we all looking for humanist 17th century distressed type?
ffffff https://i.imgur.com/qFxJTtS.gifv
ian did typography.com design Rapscallion
one more mock call and i can go back to playing licks
we have a noob who's really good on the phone but sucks at tech
and one who's *supposedly* good at tech but sucks at talking
and he overcomplicates the shit out of everything
on the first day Nat summed up his interactions with him as "slow down there, zorro"
"nginx" "is that a code repository?"
easy, kiddo
