i don't anymore.
i was using primarily the pax ploom (original, not the 2, which i want).
and the ariza q on occasion.
speaking of, what ever happened to your zombie novel?
none of my hamburgers are ever special :-( i guess i should try deep-fat frying in weed oil...
uh, are we ending the beardathon today?
robert, the beardathon facebook page says the following:.
"We'll have an online judging event in roughly 3 months time, exact date TBD."
maggie to levi regarding a new video they're working on: "my only comment is that we need more diversity. we don't want people thinking we're only a bunch of white guys. let's put in some black people!"
this morning i was.
i immediately thought of you when i heard that, ian.
but totally forgot to type it up in here till now.
cause i was busy with work stuff at the time.
had to pick up my new laptop.
and drop off pumpkin cookies for legal.
i do have a key card. and you need to quit being so fickle.
saw him at hq this morning too.
i've never had a need for an egg separator (cause i know how to do it with the shells), but this really makes me want one: https://www.amazon.com/Laughmart-Mr-Sniffles-Egg-Separator/dp/B0000CFGP6/ref=sr_1_15?s=kitchen&ie=UTF8&qid=1480545637&sr=1-15&keywords=egg+separator.
sucks. best wishes for his recovery. was it a former mt person?
is plastic surgery part of that company's benefits?
the video doesn't really show anything new that the thumbnail doesn't already have
former co-worker of alex
just don't get run over by a car
problem solved
i can just pre-record an mp3 of me saying "don't get into a wreck" and you can put it on repeat one
better gas mileage than having your bike bottom out from my fat ass sitting on it
only my face
https://youtu.be/dLdKU4JCYqg
i admittedly checked disabled users after he posted that
those things
screw holes should be dick height for convenience
we've had electricity and light bulbs for well over a century and you're still not sure how they work?
judging by survivor and naked & afraid, no one knows how to create fire
we'll just have to wait for lightning to strike and set a bush on fire so we can harvest the fire
having problems finding the door?
gotta quit letting julian take credit for all your stuff, ian
like "Run GCC"
Times New Roman, 12 pt, double spaced
motivate
its true, rob. the beard is a food/drink magnet
bbq sauce is the worst
ian's right, why would you guys not choose to be the head of the DEA or ATF?
"i'm gonna have to personally sample every strain of marijuana to approve it..."
because they don't grow doritos on trees
can i be the director of the CIA so i can be alex's dealer?
i'm not entirely onboard with free college tuition
i don't think the solution to a shitty educational system is more shitty education for everyone
instead of continuing to lower the bar such that collegiate graduates now are about as educated as high school graduates of yesteryear, just with an area of focus, we should make mandatory education decent again and stop catering to the lowest common denominator
and dump common core
affordable college? yes. absolutely! but i don't think the answer to poor education is adding even more years of schooling to neglect to the taxpayers wallets
if you were too shitty to try in elementary, middle school, and high school, how is a free ride in college going to magically make you try?
have access to != free at the taxpayer's expense
one only needs to look to scandinavia to see small communities that hire for life
and have severe nepotism
chris, we already have high schools that do that
the education has little bearing on the job market comparatively
plus, i'd guess that people there take their primary schooling more seriously and do a far better job
russian has free college tuition as well, but by the time they hit 5th grade, they're already doing higher level algebra and trig
why shouldn't critical thinking skills be taught, oh...say in high school/mid high?
where you don't have access to shitloads of booze and no parents
right, but those same people are now going to be getting free rides to higher education that they can skip out on as well
unfortunately, as mike rowe has pointed out, we now look down upon skilled laborers
instead of recognizing the importance of those trades
but again, there are high schools that specialize in such things. instead of adding more financial burden, we should use the existing money and educational systems to actually put out decent people who have some good understanding
raise the value of a high school diploma
and then college becomes truly specialized again
and raises the value of a degree
it shouldn't be inaccessible
but its not an inalienable right either
scholarships are not hard to come by if you're not shitty
that's what's proposed as is, right chris?
i wholeheartedly agree that people shouldn't come out of college massively in debt
so ian, would you say people are better educated and/or smarter these days?
so these smarter and better educated people elected trump
and i'm not opposed to free rides, i just don't think they should be limitless and without condition
which is a great idea that needs to be heavily improved
but i just don't think that throwing endless buckets of money at people is a viable solution
rob brought up an interesting point
his 1.9 - 2.5 gpa thing. should there be a minimum limit to free high education?
yes, i agree that the cost is definitely a problem as is
not just in education. real estate and housing costs are too expensive too. but that doesn't mean it should be free across the board
i don't agree with for-profit schools
and costs for even state schools should be lowered significantly
even subsidized if necessary
making higher education free is nothing more than a financial sinkhole if lower education has plummeted such that your college career is largely spent catching up on high school level learning
if people were coming out of high school actually educated, then i'd be far more willing to let the people shoulder the cost of higher education
but its not. people neglect their education and still feel entitled to more
so you think the only people, or the vast majority of people, who feel entitled are extremely hard working people who busted ass to get accepted and maintain a good GPA?
well, them, and anyone who wants to go to college or has parents that are gonna badger them to go because its expected and free
or anyone who just doesn't want to get into the real world yet and party on someone else's dime for 4 years
back when i graduated, you had to have i think a 3.2 GPA to get a lottery scholarship
and the cost was i think $2k/year
for tuition
not unreasonable
150k for 4 years? insane, i agree. but why are you opposed to reasonable costs and mandatory minimum gpa's in favor of free-for-all with no incentive or motivation to even bother achieving
so if a more educated society is the goal, why not increase the education that is already being provided?
so don't raise the bar for high school education
because the free high tuition isn't being recommended in conjunction with better lower education
and i agree that it should be accessible and affordable
i do 100% believe that you should be able to get into a state school for minimal cost with ample scholarship opportunities for performance
i went to a private prep school as well, and while socially college was quite different, intelligence and education-wise i was far beyond my peers
granted i went to a music school
but i loved talking to MIT students at their parties
and they were all shocked that i went to berklee, cause most of them were idiots
berklee students were idiots
MIT students were shocked that i went there and wasn't an idiot
lol, no. i met some brilliant drunk people there
aren't service members entitled to some amount of free higher education anyways?
i'm curious what blanket free college would do to enlistment numbers
that's somewhere that i wholeheartedly agree with FREE tuition. they're ultimately giving back to our country and hopefully working harder at that education they're getting
but not with ian's "i skated by in school , skipping classes and getting the minimum possible gpa to graduate, so i should get a full ride to an ivy league college because my mom says i'm special" free education
not free enough for ian
do work? maintain a gpa? psh. he should be allowed to smoke pot on his couch and use his book fees for delivery chips and snacks until he's given a participation bachelor's for being enrolled
oh boo, he's not even in here :-(
is snow not common there?
so snow tires and/or tire chains are pretty unheard of?
those hipster beards don't keep faces warm enough to bike to the local coffee shop for hot beverages?
why do you need bluetooth on your vape, julian?
you didn't download the pax app?
i'm just trying to understand why they thought it'd be a good idea to add bluetooth and an app to their vape
what extra functionality does that actually give you
and why do they have haptic feedback?
upgradable firmware for a vaporizer...
to do what? change the oven temperatures more precisely?
its a heating element
its like adding bluetooth to my writing pen so i can upgrade ink firmware
devices that don't require firmware in the first place don't need to upgrade the firmware
the pax is an oven with an on-off button and 4 different fixed temperature settings
fucking fuck fuckity fucker
that thing in your mouth
Ian Battlefield Moerson is a racially ambiguous holocaust denier famous for crediting himself with T-Shirt designs, 3d number printing business schemes, and superior font recognition.
i wouldn't had to look up where your alien poster or nofx cover band were to cite your other infamous ventures
Ian is an avid fan of failed "futbol" team West Brom.
had to when i was making fun of futbol on the london underground to natives i'd just met
i didn't tell them how bland and terrible their food was. or how terrible the city was. least favorite place of all my european travels
germany is the best, though. although the Memorial to the Hard Work of the Germans in berlin was pretty boring: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memorial_to_the_Murdered_Jews_of_Europe
we're even greater now. instead of just one space shuttle explosion, we have them regularly now!
including the new one where optimus prime kills bumblebee?
the golden era of guitar
jason becker was still a better guitarist than i am back then...
i can outshred him any day of the week :-P
if the shred-off ever became a thing, i'd LOVE to do a video against him. me: plays sick lick. jason: drools on guitar.
jason has chronic placebo?
Excuse me: I think you meant "Wisdom of Jason: That's a lot of flecking zombies!"
https://www.engadget.com/2016/12/06/altered-beast-and-streets-of-rage-coming-to-film-and-tv/
"your friend is sitting in seat 23a, playing solitaire on his phone and listening to the latest ultra thrash metal album"
that shirt/jacket combination looks tacky
on reggie
are you going to the apple store today to play super mario run, julian?
no, but i am buying it release day
cause i'm a nintendo whore :-(
seriously? that's about $8 overpriced
i'll still get it
and as stupid as i think the switch is and a bit of a fuck you to their gamer fans, i'm still undoubtedly going to get it
i want something that's comparable to the other systems out there. 3ds is already a mobile platform and they could just add hdmi to it to appease you
plus, with the size of the switch, realistically, no one is going to use it for mobile gaming outside their home
the gamepad has a 2 hour battery life approx
2 hours of entertainment for the kids on road trips or 2 hours on a flight. not much time at all.
its been hit or miss with my flights to/from europe
having usb
but i'd rather see them not skimp on graphics power and storage capacity for their home console and just add an hdmi port to the 3ds for people who want to play mobile on their tv
and julian, the newer planes i was on had usb, the older planes did not.
i don't see that they have to be mutually exclusive
why can't they have great gameplay AND good graphics
but that's probably for the same reason they thought 8gb was the maximum storage anyone would need for their wii u with 2GB+ games
it'd better not be $400. i will absolutely not pay that much
especially when there are better systems for cheaper
i'd say it'll probably start at $250-$300
so what do you attribute the horrendous sales on wii u to?
if they're unwilling to put effort into decent hardware, why not just move to software dev exclusively and release on other consoles?
are you saying we don't have the experience or imagination to come up with brian kuhn quality product ideas?
cause i have no doubt that h3 could make that shit up
google should've put their AI in our chatroom
i'm annoyed that chad made mead
and then moved before it was ready
and didn't leave it here for me
chad was telling me he wants to give it 2 years
i thought the fat cs guy who died had a name that started with an M
he died in seattle or something?
mechill or something was it?
mmechill
is there another one that died?
that's horrible
sounds like something i'd say
that was a long time ago too
no one recent?
oh. the ghosts of mt, haunting our website
that recently? i thought it was last year or so
there's a bunch of people on disabled users since last week
- jsimons
  - gsteven :whitejesus!~Adium@4.14.64.45 PRIVMSG #realh3 :  - jsharpe :whitejesus!~Adium@4.14.64.45 PRIVMSG #realh3 :  - aacevedo :whitejesus!~Adium@4.14.64.45 PRIVMSG #realh3 :  - dbresson
  - ckane :whitejesus!~Adium@4.14.64.45 PRIVMSG #realh3 :  - jjohnsonsmith
  - jking :whitejesus!~Adium@4.14.64.45 PRIVMSG #realh3 :  - jvalera
  - mrakawa :whitejesus!~Adium@4.14.64.45 PRIVMSG #realh3 :  - mvlasach
  - wcoker
yup, he's out
arne won the battle
we're all his bitches now
president rod is friends with members of the gd board
that's why he has no problems arguing with and fighting back against arne
seems like you could end the list there and be fine
it snows in new york
especially upstate
fucking frigid the further west you go
speaking of, have you traveled around the area much, ian?
gotta make it to PA and learn about the glory of wawa
and obviously to boston, the greatest east coast city
its a convenience store/restaurant chain in PA
https://www.wawa.com/
their food is really good
wouldn't think that for a convenience store
and i presume you've already started to learn jersey by the exits?
that's how everyone there identifies where they're from: "what exit are you?"
if you're looking to get away from everything and explore a ghost town reminiscent of rural detroit, you can pop on over to delaware
not covered in bullet holes, but there's just no one there
tons of businesses incorporate there
so there's a bunch of empty office buildings all over
new hampshire and maine are gorgeous and negate the need to ever step food in vermont
unless you wanna get really high
best thing to come from there isn't bernie sanders. its cheese.
best extra sharp white cheddar comes from vermont. sorry wisconsin, yours is too moist still
$20 bjs
montreal, wisconsin, population 807
or you're the first person to ever call montreal in canada "nice"
its a wonderful city of depravity and worse people than paris (sorry rob, paris FRANCE)
but if you say everyone speaks english now and is nice...
exactly. same with montreal
never heard anyone say people there were nice
i think that's true for that vast majority of canada, except quebec
i loved vancouver. and toronto was a nice city too. fun science museum
that's ian's line, donald
MS is better than space x?
which, likewise, means godaddy (ms jr) is better than space x
that makes me sad :-(
didn't realize elon's company sucked so much
well, i guess that's not true. i knew they got the landing legs for the reusable rockets from muscet's family
as of yesterday. wow
oh yeah, ian, you're gonna love this
remember the dozens of analytics you added to every page?
we're now paying a company to sort through our google analytics and give us data from it
i'm on my old laptop still
which doesn't have jampf
which band? warbringer?
i'm interested to hear their new post-potts album that's coming out
blues is all about trains, sadness, and selling your soul at an unspecified crossroads in mississippi. its not even listed on google maps!
not anymore, julian
that house became a hotel
got torn down :-(
it shut down a year or two ago
yup. a couple other clubs on sunset went the same way
shut down to build new hotels
really, will? not the decemberists?
you're welcome, julian
Best World War
World War III: The Sorcerer
it'll help retain manufacturing jobs
you think we'll outsource our weapon building, ian?
shift it all to china or mexico?
california and massachusetts vs middle america?
i'm not sure that'd be much of a world war
protest signs and pot smoke vs hicks with guns
i really want to go while we still can
but even if our relationship with cuba does go south, we'll still their biggest importer of baseball players
"i'm writing a browser plugin to change trump's name to always use comic sans! REVOLUTION!!!!"
i still think its only a matter of time before impeachment
read: its going to be the US gov't still
impeachment != removal
i have no idea if they'll be successful in removing him
but i'm pretty sure they'll successfully impeach him
he's already staying on with the apprentice. there probably will be a reality show around the presidency
my go bag is a picnic backpack. just add cheese and wine and i'm good to go for 4 people
hunt cheese with my cheese knife
what's the likelihood of an assassination attempt?
also, for your go away bags, you need a tactical spork: https://www.amazon.com/Ka-Bar-Tactical-Spork-Spoon-9909/dp/B01FYJ6ICK/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1481650681&sr=8-7&keywords=spork
can i copywrite World War III© and sue all involved countries for infringement?
Ferengi Rule of Acquisition #34: War is good for business.
huh, i didn't know bkuhn took his mt playbook from the ferengi rules of acquisition
rule #82: The flimsier the product, the higher the price.
ian, you should add mad max to the list so you get the reference
just watch rick and morty and firefly
the rest is negotiable
when did you start drinking beer, ian?
mmm, german beer :-)
i want to move to berlin
i visited 3 times this year
no, yes, not yet
when i first went, it was on a whim and not very high on my priority list of places to go
and completely fell in love with the country on that first visit
there are quite a few DCs in frankfurt
fucked up language, though. they can't standardize
there's over 30 different dialects
yup
being that they're all proud and stubborn people, none of them want to give up their regional dialects from their town of 30
where in germany?
i didn't make it that far south
i really want to hang out in bavaria, though
never been to ireland. england was bland, expensive, and boring, but netherlands was nice
i really wanna hit up iceland
fucked up language, but absolutely gorgeous land
i only did london. i wouldn't mind checking out some of the countryside
but i do have to admit, after listening to people on the train there, the term "wanker" makes so much more sense and is sooooo appropriate
no, just listening to their retarded blatherings and realizing how appropos the word is
especially a lot of the overly misogynistic ramblings of the drunkards
"grab 'em by the pussy" probably originated there
not even an original statement from trump
fleck you, donald
i can't really argue with that
its like storytime with dante
sweet.short
aids.africa
fu.bar
ian.knows.beer
you could put up a 404
crash.bike
give.me.cash
make your own crowd-funding site
russreeder.ceo
domain.cheap
bait.click
not.cool
trump.democrat
