^.
so does verbal communication skills.
lol.
its kinda sad how much more intelligent our bot is compared to donald trump.
oh, thats what he meant.
i thought rob was dating a ghetto black chick or something.
no opinion really donald.
i dig sea charts.
cuz i can read them.
while listening to sea shanties.
with sea shells.
witha  bridge to NY.
the only map that really mattered: http://www.biblestudy.org/maps/roman-empire.gif.
RIP SQPR :(.
SPQR*.
yeah, that giant goldfish off the coast doens't have horns in real life.
"American Wastes" i think he calls texas.
you guys have your rogue one tickets yet?
i hate you.
the ticket to london is 1.5k or is that the cost to attend the premier?
ian will hate it.
would you call that a script?
lol.
speaking of wrong. i still have your key.
sorry.
i meant to and then summer gota ll whiney and complainy and i forgot about it.
pretty much.
i swear i'm the only adult in this family.
i don't think anyone is working on the site anymore ian.
are they still using your image?
lol.
(mt) is like a clingy ex girlfriend.
lol.
kinda like the 5 wordpress 4.7 emails we got.
"its here!" "not it's not"  "yes it is!"
how does one become the person in charge of special offers?
hahaha.
that has to be an easy degree.
too true.
speaking of management, took my daughter to her first basketball practice. her coach is Lu's twin.
it's mt. refer a friend for a high level job and they'll ignore his resume and not get back to him!
haha, too true.
in reality it was worse than that.
"my husband is the owners life coach so now i got a six figure job that i know nothing about but yay!"
whaaaat?
it's interesting how CEO's can go from one failure to the next and still make a killing.
same here.
tight.
very.
i still use the source orb.
love that thing.
i have a glass beaker bong too.
dont worry alex.
ugh.
hahah.
http://i.imgur.com/R5HWXiF.gifv.
good buy mt: https://amazonlightsail.com/.
good by*.
(godaddy already did the good buy).
and look amazon has it's own ian!
hahaha.
hahah.
yeah.
yeah.
show'd this to my lead.
responded with " :( "
http://screenshots.mt-cloudtech.com/WM2016-11-30-5qh9v0ow21.png.
oh yeah, they've had a good run.
i really don't know why anyone buys our stuff.
yeah, 99% of what i deal with is WP.
fucking ripley's believe it or not is WP.
believe it or not.
the sales numbers don't lie.
he likes that one.
penetration.
you heard the man.
hahaha.
its almost like raph is still here.
man.
we need to make the bot pull and post pornhub comments.
haha.
i may actually do that.
i love how this is still a joke even after i've been actively on top of that shit for a couple of years now.
i'm okay with this.
oh yaeh.
i should do that.
well, today's my dev day….
they didn't say that i had to dev stuff for work.
>.>.
<.<.
almost done actually.
yeah, just started the final act.
lolol.
why is one 0?
AC-130 is now a right wing web host ehj?
tornado show?
in a project
yeah, that was weird ian
haha
he has good taste in movies too
er shows
rob
i hear your state is burning down
why'd you do that?
lol
"why can't i close my own domains"  "cuz you're a VIP"  "that doens't make sense"  "i know.."
conversation i just had.
i dont even deny it with them always just say "yeah i don't get it either"
ah, good to know.
well
confluence is kind of shitty with its searches
if you don't have the EXACT title
you aint finding shit
haha
pretty sure i'm nothing more than a step-stool for my cat
"oh look keyboards! i'll cliimb my human to lay on them"
fuck, fleck, fuck, fleck, fleck fuck
guess not, lol
why did he repeat it?
he didn't do that for your phrase
˜/wilbo 9:02> fuck, fleck, fuck, fleck, fleck fuck
˜/wilbo 9:03> i broke donald :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :˜/DonaldDrumpf 9:03> fuck, fleck, fuck, fleck, fuck, fleck, fleck fuck
lolol
yes donald. had to bounce out to do a quick presentation on systemd for the plebs on my team
lol
better get to it rob
it was fortold that this day would come
are you gonna lightsail the bot over to amazon?
we're already testing out reselling lightsail for CT
hahaha
or cuz we were jacking off
and thus lazy from the after effects
yeah
gary was already spinning up test cases this morning
well i guess this means julian didn't make it
so it'll probably work right
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-lightsail-the-power-of-aws-the-simplicity-of-a-vps/
i kinda want to resell it and custom aws set ups through hostchopper
cuz why the fuck not
yeah, it is
but that makes AWS approachable to the average user
ian, throwing back to crimes against CPU
i think we'd have a long while before we were on the chopping block
i'm pretty sure snapchat users will be the first to go
if not 4cha
hahaha
hahaha
gotta admire his commitment
what navy is the admiral of? Iraeli navy on the dead sea?
lots of opposition ther
Hah!
lol
didn't bhutan not even have TV's until like 10 years ago?
there are other landlocked countries with navies
Bolivia, for instance
 lol
was that a buddy of yours?
i think trump has like 300% more conflicts of interest
when i became a man i put away childish tings
*picks up comic book*
any of you guys following the standing rock protest?
not ot mention the prime water source for like a few million people
the government is trying to force the protestors to move to "free speech zones"
which is crazy fucked up
if that happens, thats basically the erosion of our free speech right.
scary stuff
and the media is largely ignoring it (cuz they're bought and paid for)
in all seriosness, try and spread the word about it to people you know
the more people who know the harder it is to silence the protest.
a chick damn near lost her arm to a police concussion grenade man. shit's crazy up there.
tiff and i talked about going
decided to donate.
starting to
there was nothing for a long while
twitter was supressing the #nodapl tweets too
they've suppressed quite a few items that should have been trending but weren't throughout this election period and on.
p.much
i'm pretty sure some of the items which weren't trending were large bursts. but i'd have to double check that.
i don't think it's farfetched to think that twitter may have political/investor pressure
facebook was actively involved with the DNC during the primaries to push hillary. according to wikileaks
companies are the top citizens of our country now alex
"just a company" is like saying "just a patrician" in ancient rome
^
then do something about it. donate, protest, call your congressman
not when done en masse
people have been organizing mass calls to the whitehouse/congressman
if you call you'll be helping
congressmen*
but if you continue to say "i'm just one man"
you're hindering it
tiff has a shit ton saved
i'll ask her when she gets back from dropping the kids at school
np
i need VR to be affordable
hahah
mac has been waiting for that for like 20 years
"gaming will get here soon"
i might be able to afford it then
i like the idea behind virtual desktop spaces
seems like a cool idea
i still want to be able to use my computer like tom cruise in minority report
probably.
that'd be sweet
be better to use something like trackIR and a IR reflector glove tho
oh shit chris
that'd be fucking sick
lol
it'd be cool to use that for DnD too
i think it'd be a lot easier to handle your micro in CiV with a system like that
tabletop simulator?
not bad
but i wanted to be able to build custom dungeons/maps with pickup/droppable monsters and stuff
with a virtual PHB and DMG to reference on the fly
oh, sick
would be better as augmented reality though
so you could still have all your dudes around a physical table with a VR overlay
so cool
i love redalert 2
so fun
i remember playing with my friend across town over dial up direct connection
not really, unless you improved the mechanics
otherwise it'd be like playing it in real life
and lets face, its only fun for like a few minutes
thats a good way to get a weed nap in
someone should make Joint Smoking Sim for VR
ian would play it
that'd be interesting
hahaha, wow
the trolly apocalypse is nigh
i wonder if you could use augmented reality to gamify your normal work
says the man with the sweet big ass house in seattle and the nice well paying job.
if you're losing. i'm in the negative
according to my doctor
the order or healthiest for weeding is: edible, vaping, bong, smoke
weed infused eyedrops :alex_pc!~alex@108-82-32-157.lightspeed.irvnca.sbcglobal.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :wtff
whoa, now he sounds like the real donald
oh wow
@ian: https://i.imgur.com/FdzeeEy.gifv
people still buy premium wordpresses
people are stupid
good webhost name "bodega hosting"
why not lie "expensive. because you get what you pay for."
well, not lile AS much
that is not the ugliest website ever
this is the ugliest site ever: https://astoriascuba.wordpress.com/
and it's fucking wordpress
so, double points for that
found that guy cuz thats teh city tiff and i are planning on buying in and it's on the cost. So i went seraching for dive shops
found that monstrosity and laughed and cried and threw up. all at the same time
haha, nope that was a wild find.
rob do you have an opinion or igor?
CT-Engine
yesterday he askes me to post my updates to the ct-onboarding channel. so i did. then today he goes "you should also post to this room and that" tomorrow he'll probably add a few more rooms.
he's nice
just kinda… weird and mildly annoying
stop spreading the info i need out over days and days
just tell me for fucks sake and stop acting like i fucked up when you never sait in the first place.
said*
"quick question does this rash look bad to you?"
lol
who won the beard contest?
i'm tied with alex
haha, birddemic
lol
ooh, i want this as a desktop
don't think so
wow
i think the lines between Drumpf and Trump are getting too thin
ah
that's bettert
than*
morning
the permit got denied
they sued for it and won
not sure the ramifications of that though
like if they can re-apply or something
http://i.imgur.com/SJTZqFb.gif
haha, yeah, "the fuck!?"
sorry donald
whoa
really?
apparently there was a guy riding a horse around porltand last night holding a lightsaber
jules, it snowing up there?
lol
i'm the same way
i just kinda, keep to myself
hahaha
didn't know you had a brothjer
brother*
how so?
(it's always nice hearing that it's not just my family that sucks)
ouch
my mom does the same rob
and then i get texts from my sister
bitching about my mom
haha, "look at me now fuckers!"
hahaha, man shit sucks.
we told my mom and sister we were going away for the holidays
we're not
we just didn't want to have them over
every year, every single one, my sister is hours late to dinner. complains it's too early even though it's the same fucking time every year and then she and my mom just passive agressively jab at eachother the whole time which usually devolves into straight up fighting. it's very merry.
hahah
was it an instant feeling of "what have i done" or did reality dawn on your like half way through when it's too late to stop?
lol
lol
that's fucking cool julian
how long till it gets hacked?
hahaha
HAHAHA
so (mt) forced me to set up my dev project on cloud jira. then IT killed CloudJ Jira like a day later and they supposedly migrated all my tickets over. but i can't find any of them.
i have a feeling i'm going to have to remake them.
yeah, i'm kinda with you there
pretty sure if a significant number of our population were to suddenly die a great many things no one fully understands how they're made will take eons to rediscover.
lots of shit we just take for granted as working
kind of like roman concrete. that shit is still better than modern concrete and we're still not entirely sure how it was made.
seriously?
i feel like that one is pretty easy to figure out
considering they were doing that in BCE
and we still are
"sharp thing cut skin. sharp thing that cut skin also took hair away. maybe sharp thing can just cut hair?"
yeah, smithy work i think will be able to survive
as such I reckon shaving will last as long as it's practical
there's a fun book i read which kinda devles into this stuff. "Dies the fire"
the premise is this: "a sudden, unexplained change in the laws of physics renders rapid combustion useless"
so guns, engins, power, all that shit is suddenly useless
they pick people who can't hack it on purpose
good TV
in a real scenario those people will be the first o go
and once i'm out of matches/lighters i'll probably join them
my only hope is that when people start forming gangs and clans again they'll want beer
cuz i can brew that shit
no one wants to kill the guy that helps them get drunk
hahaha "Rick's Pale ass Ale"
"Glenn's Bulging Eye Espresso Stout"
the guy i brew with grows his own hops. so have access to hops and a renewable source
yeast can be made and barley grows easily enough. and fuck, can always make mead if we need to.
ian, this is literally a conversation he and i have had while brewing.
lots of time to talk when you're waiting for the shit to boil so you can dump more shit in it and then boil that.
i wonder what NY would look like post apocalypse.
http://i.imgur.com/Yf9ZLMx.gifv
god i hate that mentality so much
men in black?
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-22569-A-person-is-smart-People-are-d-Mjfk.gif
lol, it's a damn good quote though
i heard somewhere that Will Smith and his wife are swingers. Wonder if they know Miller
you can if you can make them afraid
i was referring to convincing people specifically.
sound reasonable to me
stalin wasn't fascist
eh, touche chris, I can see that. I was thinking more of what he identified as
amazon's 2 day shipping has not been very 2 day lately
more like 2 days late
really?
they fuck up my prime now orders all the time
"i want Passion Orange Guava juice"  "here have some passion orange"   "i'd like a sandwich from this restaurant"   "here, have a bao you didn't want instead"
every time
and every time, the driver gets lost and i have to talk him through finding my place
julian's been here, it's not hard to find
i mean julian found it
how hard can it be
;)
i like the idea on that store. their security better be fucking good cuz people are gonna be trying to hack the shit out of that.
does taco bell deliver by you guys?
they do out here
yeah
sadly i'm out of range
by serilously like 3 blocks
this customer keeps mentioning this guy named Dave like i know who the fuck that is
i went to a TB like that in LA
weird shit
oooooo
julian, new project
print that
:)
(i kid)
such a bro
even after i accidentally stole your key
sorry
2 guys 1 key
i can send you this guys id_rsa files
lolol
if utilities are included in hell
count me in
all downloads are gluten free rob
haha
man, my mom is a classic example of the pot calling the kettle black. She's eastern european but she's dark and very mexican looking. People confuse her for mexican all the time. But she's racist as fuck towards mexicans and is very anti-immigraiton (oddly enough).
me: 		It does appear to be installed properly as php -m is showing it as a module:
		Read :wilbo!~Adium@172.28.8.206 PRIVMSG #realh3 :# php -m | grep -i mongo :wilbo!~Adium@172.28.8.206 PRIVMSG #realh3 :mongo
his reply: This would bring the model
… wat?
lol
haha
i think appaling...
man
smoothie was the fucking worst with a beard/stache
had to get a straw
ultipro is broke
IT is fixing
don like the bell
you don't want trees in your taco bell donald
you guys watch bobs burgers?
highly recommend. seriously good shit
steven universe
UGH thats fucking hard man
i'd say it's more of what sounds better to you:  Heartwarming and funny with a surprislingly solid plot line: Steven Universe   Seriously funny with no real central plot but every episode is comedy gold: Bobs Burgers
sweet
little bobs burgers sample: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V638eAp7QFc&t=9s
season 1 is great
need to watch the rest
# Tue Dec  6 09:22:13 PST 2016
chown -R psstudiosdev3002:psacln / :wilbo!~Adium@172.28.8.206 PRIVMSG #realh3 :customers are smart
Humans is great
yeah, it's about AI
it's fucking awesome
The Get Down is fucking sweet too
the get down: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usv442G6H8A
def not luke cage
i don't either
my friends really like it but she's a very active black rights activist. which i can get behind. but that's no reason to claim a show is good just cuz it's got lots of pro black messages. That's great, but seriously, no one fucking talks like anyone in that show. ever.
hahah
yeah it's slow as fleck too
you watched stranger things, right ian?
cuz thats up there.
also good.
oh jules, finally watched "What We Do in the Shadwos"
Loved it
it seriously is
stay away from GoT and Walking Dead :ian!~ian@rrcs-24-136-125-138.nyc.biz.rr.com PRIVMSG #realh3 :i have not watched stranger things :NunyasBidness!~NunyasBid@172.28.12.18 PRIVMSG #realh3 :hahahah
the last 2 seasons are good of WD
but ugh, lots of work to get there
oh man, Stranger Things is great
add that
def a must watch
good
no
don't tell me what to do
*clicks link*
seriously, take GoT off there
you'll regret it
no, no it's not
the last season has been awesome
wont lie
but like 3-5 is shit
absolute shit
it is better than the books
but thats not saying much
it's basically a written record of martin's fucked up wet dreams
watch humans before westworld
they're similar and humans is better
^
just let us know what you think
hahah
i get like, an  hour, hour and a half a night max. i've seen almost all of these. so you should do fine
ian
i'd vote for you
i actually think you'd do a good job
just trhowing that out there.
LOL
only if you get a sweet jumpsuit
that's cool
cuz then we can call Airforce one
the Czar's Ship
i get dibs on secretary of education.
history all the classes!
the secretary of hte UN is also in charge of the US armed forces, iirc
so kinda a busy job
so, status quo?
right, i thought they held both posisitons.
oh shit
i'm thinking NATO
my bad
JCOT is also an executive member of NATO
JCOS
Ambassador to holland
see, here comes ian, acting all presidential and leadery
why not secretary of agriculture then?
well, i mean it's a given that you'd be all for universal healthcare and free college tuition
so, whats next?
free drugs
why not both?
a society that is highly educated is more likely to prosper
the mystery was too much
i think ensuring all citizens have access to higher education only stands to improve the quality of country and the goods it produces overall. But yes, reform to the curriculum is needed.
One only needs to look at Scandinavia for examples of a working educational system which is free to the citizen.
i don't see how free quality higher education has anything to do with nepotism
you don't think that teaching people how to think rather than what to think is better for the society overall?
critical thinking skills learned in education can be applied to a wide range of social issues. especially when coming to vote time
i agree with joel on that
and i agree it should be reformed
i also think it should be funded by the state as a basic right
but thats me
they should
and they shoudl be refined in college/trade school
^
thats great, but if we don't reform the cost of a higher education it will still remain unreachable to a great many americans and that is detrimental to our future.
how would you say our education compares to the rest of the world though?
i think i actually disagree with ian
there was a much stronger push for scientific progress in the late 60s
that declined and died in the 90s :whitejesus!~Adium@72.10.63.54 PRIVMSG #realh3 :we've already got free education through high school
joel. i'd love nothing more than to go back to school and study history, work towards my PHD and maybe teach at university. that'd be like my dream. but i can't afford to go to school. it's just not an option.
and i'm a middle class white dude and i have that problem.
i agree that those are also major issues. shit i've been stuck in the same apartment for 6 years cuz it's very likely that if i turn in my notice i wont find a new place and then someone would lease this out from under me.
but making higher education free is not a hand out. it's an investment in the people of our country. call me an idealist but i feel like investing in the knowledge of our future is probably a good idea.
sorry
mt issue
some of us may not be able to reach my server
yeah, that may be the key factor. i think you, joel and i were the only ones to not get dropped
could base the tuition compensation based on vocation. kind of like employers tuition reimbursement
thats the problem
and how do you say with any kind of equity that "woments studies" doesn't progress the society
i think it's better in the long run to accept the loss that the inevitable "joy ride" would incur in favor of the longterm benefits of a more educated society
even if those people are there "just for the shit of it" they'll still have to maintain a GPA to stay enrolled
and if they're mainting that GPA then they're learning something
and if they're learning, they're improving the bottom line of our society
its a win win to me
thats why i like free tuition period
but i'd rather have some majors free than none. this shit hits especially close when one has kids and I wonder how the fuck i'll ever afford to get my kids through college.
if you want to lump this into highschool and extend that by 4 years
fine
i don't care.
i'm also not opposed, in fact i'm very much in favor of overhaulting the entire thing
why not do that AND make higher education state-provided
is that 2 years calendar or 8 semesters?
or would that be 4 semesters
see, i need higher education
same here
and i went to a "prep school"
was not prepped
not to mention the sheer change in scope of the work
lucky you. i was above my peers but far behind the course work
i went to film school. lol
and never finished
i thought MIT was hard to get into
oooohhh
i thought you were saying they were shocked you went to beerklee cuz you were smarter than they were.
not saying you're not. but was just confused how MIT students were dumb
although, my sister is a scientist and she does some seriously stupid shit
so...
portland drivers in the snow: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAidrS144r0
no
we don[
don't* get that much.
yeah, the city shuts down whenever there's like 2 or more inches of snow
i mean literally shut down. it's a ghost town
there's a very small hill at the corner near our apartment
2 years ago 10 cars got stuck at the bottom
tiff and i stood out there, drinking hot chocolate watching them fail at trying to get up it.
was a great day
nope, it's like the beginning of 28 days later
just snowy
and no zombies
any one around?
lol
i remember none of those convos
shame, ian rarely makes a good point. sad to have missed such a momentous occasion.
haha
seattax, sounds like something trump would implement
man, i really do not want to work on developing this performance analysis tool today
been here an hour. done 0 things
sure don
i initially like the idea
of developing
the more i've spent doing it. the less i like it.
figured out i just really like automating
dev ops seems like a good fit for me
you know
i think the problem isn't developing. now that i'm really thinking about it
it's doing it for (mt)
yeah, not a bad idea at all. I just don't have a ton of time for projects at the moment. I'm kinda diving into a bunch of tools I want to learn at the moment. Been playing with ansible lately.
i've done a few in the past. enjoyed them for teh most part. my issue with projects is i go nuts on them and  then lose interest near the finishline and start doing something else. I should show you my 'in-progress" directory. Full of unfinished python projects.
what kind of projects you need done ian?
as i've been learning ansible, been thinking of writing a playbook to re-create h3. be nice to have that option to quickly rebuild everything.
yeah, i like the idea of getting it all on github
my friend in infosec just sent me this: https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15317791_1098397616924299_962980548594660511_n.jpg?oh=1ff438cf4afc4f4806711fc47bae1bfb&oe=58EE8089
are you a recruiter now?
or something.
hire me to be the office willis
everyone needs one
only 100k a year
i landed in SLC once. i wish it wasn't a real place. i thought LAX was an ugly airport.
yeah
just started working
is it not working for you now?
is that a trump quote or markov?
cuz thats great :alex!~alex@192.229.234.2 PRIVMSG #realh3 :LOL right?? :alex!~alex@192.229.234.2 PRIVMSG #realh3 :hahahaha
hehe
don't get joel started up again.
somone sounds like an ass man
all bout dem pawgs
lolol
hahah
i think maybe it's time to do away with the "fleck" suggesions on f-u-c-k
annoying a shit
as*
hahaha
so good
really?
it just rustles my jimmies a bit
that's probably because i say fuck a lot. so lots of spam
i mean, i curse at my kids
its just a way of life for me
and now i find myself trying to hold back to avoid that stupid ass bot.
may have to write a bot to post fuck every 20 seconds just to make you all feel what i feel.
you guys see the new dos equis "most interesting man" dude?
guys horrible to look at
like an even uglier adam driver.
i'm pretty stoked on the switch
so will I
it'll be great for the kids on roadtrips and i'm gonna fucking love it on long flights
plus Melee is gonna be on the virtual console
hopefully with some online support. that'd be tight.
the battery life on the gamepad is pretty decent and the pro controller batter life is insane
i think it's likely to be pretty solid
no shit
but i was just saying that they have good battery life on similar products
there's going to be controllers in the switch
which will have battery life
and the gamepad is analogous to the switch, just scaled down in scope a bit.
ah, i thought it handled it's own
i usually get 3 hours out of mine
which i thought was pretty good for always being on and always communicating wirelessly
stock battery here.
i'd like 5 hours out of the switch, minimum
and i think that's realistic
i heard a rumor they were going back to cartridges
but thats completely unsubstantiated
i'll be happy with Wii U quality graphics, which seems to be where it's at since they displayed it with splatoon
nintendo is always more gameplay over graphics and i'm okay with that.
720
I think the answer may be multi part. Primarily i feel like they like to adhere to idea of specialization. They specialize in rewarding gameplay and that's their focust. In addition I think they made a stylistic choice to go with a very stylized look for their games and as such they don't need bleeding edge graphics.
@julian/ian can either of you let me know what's needed to rebuild the h3 set up? I want to write an ansible playbook to rebuild everything, not sure what the bot needs. IRC is straightforward enough.
haha
sweet easy enough, which is awesome for a first project with this stuff. after this i want to work on getting it to auto deploy updates on pushes to the repo
haaha
so not mariadb?
cuz that'd be an easy upgrade path
it's like MySQL overhauled. it's more efficient
https://mariadb.com/kb/en/mariadb/mariadb-vs-mysql-features/
what do you have in mind instead ian?
dynamic burrito?
is it chiken? is it beef? is it carnitas? what will it be next!
LOL
what a terrible name
thats like (mt) naming bad
oh god
lots of cringe there
r/fellowkids
'kids love rock and roll, lets do that!"
HAHAHA
oh man, i love mead
so good
my favorite part about ren fairs
tiff lkes the turkey legs and cleavagey outfits. i'm okay with those too. but mead is #1
mmhmmm
firebase seems simple enough, convert to json and import.
granted i just kinda glossed over it
lol
should def be ready by now
oh birddemic
it is a plugin hybrid
you should see more of that movie
like when they fight the birds with hangars
so it snowed here yesterday. this was posted to r/portland  but this is the partking lot of the building Josh B and I used to share an office in: http://imgur.com/YUuqurT
wow this guy's chatting in from detroit
i reckon his computer is going to be stolen any minute now
he stopped responding
looks like i was right
lol
so yesterday I had another dev meeting with CT Engine
which was another circus
Igor: "Justin, Will how are those user stories coming a long"
Justin: "WE were supposd to make those? I thought product was doing that"
*arguing commences*
if jerry springer had a dev team
this would be it
it came up during the arguments that no one was sure whether justin and i were supposd to be making a new APA tool from scratch or just updating the current one.
much organized
god i hate self reviews
is that why people don't come in here?
huh
just don't click on the boobs links and you should be good to go
i'm still employed despite this chat room
so, GD eithe rhasn't caught us yet or doens't care
probably a little of both
i got my RHCSA againt out of em, i can be let go at this point and feel like i won
again*
i'm gonna look into that when i build out the ansible playbook for this set up
gonna update a few things and then automate it
may move it to amazon lightsail
i think the $5 a month plan is enough for our purposes.
this chat is definitely one of the best things about my job. its more like hanging out with a bunch of buddies while i do assinine work rather than doing assining work while being forced to talk to a bunch of ahole i work with.
asinine not assining
whatever assining is
lol: http://i.imgur.com/jmzGDlT.gifv
when you spend more time trying to look cool than you do checking what's infront of your barrel
@rob https://gfycat.com/CostlySmartHind
may be a good time to invest in lockheed martin. trump's recent tweet about the caused a $3.5 billion loss.
about the f35
ian
sorry, late.
fucking sweet.
ask him if he still mourns the end of the first triumvirate
my interest depends on his answer
sweet, reading
That was sweet
i disagree that metal is the only genre where you can tackle heavier issues. Blues has been doing that for ages.
oh yeah, my bad.
def agree with "the most monolithic evil" that can be found is reality. human's are fucking monsters.
haha joel. good ol' roberj johnson.
robert*
it's a trump tower now
hard to find good blues places, sadly. especially up here in hipster haven where everyone and their mom wants to sound like mumford and sons
no, that went out a while ago
sea shanties are awesome
did not know the decemberists did sea shanties
i don't think i ever was able to see past the whineyness to catch the sea shanty
i'll give it a go ian
sure
you need a crew
or lots of alcohol
or be irish
yes
quite
that video is amazing
love it.
ancient japan is pretty intersting
def looking into diving into that further
just not sure when i'll get the chance
still got lots of Rome to study.
and i'm planning on doing china after that.
gonna take me a LONG time
lol
just with a lot more roman occupation and incursions. charlamagne, huns. other than that and geographical differences totally the same.
both had samurai i'm sure
i'd love to study me some charlamagne at some point. maybe i'll do a break and just study his life as a breather between cultures.
haha
pulled that page up as soon as i said posted his name. lol
Charlachu
hahaha
what's his final form?
if we're idiots the rest of the world is retarded.
which, given trump, seems plausible
LOL
i knew ian would end up like his doppelganger in Ex Machina
vietnam was less than 70 years ago
haha, time to remind ourselves how shitty war is?
one thing i've learned from history is that humans are pieces of shit
Parthia: "look the romans are busy worrying about who's inheriting the throne. lets invade!"
seriously, everytime someone turns their back someone comes in with a knife
arms
chocolate
honestly, invest in that
if it follows ww2 patterns
so thats a big iff
but the government bought a FUCK ton of chocolate
so, jules, since you think war is coming (i begrudgingly agree); who do you think are going to be the key players?
depends on what kind of war jules
civil war? it could, if the right side won.
yea
that'd be my first guess
china is not happy with us either
trump keeps blaming them for killing the planet
jesus, don is scary
hahaha
wonder if japan will get roped into this
probably.
what did i miss? my connection dropped
mango mussolini?
oh Don Cheeto?
that was basically it:
˜/wilbo 8:04> probably.
˜/NunyasBidness 8:05> wonder if they'll get pissed off they didn't get any pie at the end and join the Axis powers for WWIV :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :˜/alex 8:05> they're too busy watching anime and playing with samurai swords prolly :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :˜/ian 8:05> lol
i feel like thats not impossible
not even improbable
yeah, more likely (maybe it will end up leading to that) is that trump pisses china enough for them to start asking to collect on their loan
yeah, i don't see china being the agressor
but i could see trump getting us into some hot water with them
you know its bad when your first thought about a trump presidency is "i wish it was just G.W."
haha
nade could make a come back now
nader*
david bankins would be an upgrade
no way man
whoa
thats bold
oh
i thought it was an mt dude
ah
yeah, i don't know shit about football
other than i hate it and it's stupid
no bias what so ever. none.
well jules, joel's here
i agree with julian
i feel like a civil war is more likely
none of us remember it ian
we've read about it
can't wait to dive there
i hear it's amazing
same here
my friend and i are already planning ways to help people get out if it comes to that
hahaha
i hope you're right chris
if we impeach we still have pence
which is why i find revolt/extreme unrest likely
sachs
i honestly don't know much about how impeachment works. even if it did = removal, i have a hard time seeing trump being removed from office peacefully
it sonds crazy, but tiff and i have been getting "go bags" together. just in case.
yeah, that
the later is what we're making
i was hesitant to say bug-out
cuz thats what my mother in law says and she's kinda nuts
asweosme. but nuts.
i feel like we'll see some extreme-right groups feeling emboldened by trumps success
already symptoms of it playing out
as well as push back from the far left
i imagine they will ruin a few things
what did you mean by ruining shit then?
i'm confused.
and time for another fun episode of CT Engine Demo!
lol, keywords
it's been dirty as long as i can remember it existing
downloading porn pics on dial up
good times
igor:  "what is search and replace?"
i *think* he's CT Engine project manager
he's one of 2 devs on the team
and no idea
George Marshall
he as douchey as he looks?
oh boy
easy to do with the 900ish mile distance between us
although i do have to look at him during this conference thing
he looks quite unstable
how is he still employed?
how does that even happen
like, isn't not picking up on social queues a sign of sociopathy?
i'm asking because i'm saying i don't know
a lot of sociopaths are harmless
what?
dr. ice?
so this igor dude, who didn't understand during last weeks demo that the the "writes he say" from our mysql tuner report weren't writes our scripts made to the system. Didn't know what search and replace is, is apparently Director of Software Dev.
"writes he saw" *
we're in good hands
no idea
but he knows less than jon snow and he, apparently, knows nothing.
not my type
not bad though
not the best quality pick
so hard to say what's going on in the face department
but i didn't see any deal breakers
not my type, i like em thick or hard bodied. ambiguous 12 year old boy bodies are not my thing.
yeah, i get that alex
i just wouldn't call her Ugly
just… non descript
yeah
there's a hot plain?
example
pls
there's plenty of plain in hollywood
i think she's pretty cute
i think she's hot physically
fine with me
sounds great
so basically "plain" to you means "not manufactured"
IE no photoshop
i'm with you there.
they wear plenty of makeup on that show
its just well done
and meant to look natural
unlike red carpet glam
some else always does
hold the power button, place laptop in dumpster. by proper laptop
buy*
i don't need people to think my wife is hot, but i enjoy seeing people check her out. not sure why, i have weird kinks.
serioulsy, don't give a shit what people think
the most important thing is what you think
lol jules
why is that alex?
its not cuz you think it's gonna go down like a cartoon and some buff dude is gonna come literally take your girl off your arm?
if she's that shallow, he did you a favor man.
thats cuz you're in LA
land of the shallow women
you'd kill it up here dude
especially since there's a crazy high single women to single men ratio
and most of the men up here are shitty hipsters that can't hold a job that's not dealing with bagging items or making gourmet coffee at a trendy shop for less than minimum wage
that would work
my friend katie just moved in with the most boring man alive cuz he's the only dude that's not an asshole and has a decent job and isn't flecking ugly.
ut seriously, dude has no soul
yup
ask her about colin
summer
yeah, i feel bad, katie is good people. she should be with someone who's not partially comatose
kmfdm is awesome
just sayin
^5 chris
funny, the only other person i know that likes KMFDM is my friend up here. also named chris
haha
thats a great one
i think they're good. I also like they recognize they suck and point it out themselves.
its part of what makes them good.
i cant really explain it
besides, they made a U2 song sound not shitty. so bonus points there.
why were you linking kmfdm wiki ian?
seriously
hahaha
i think the problem
is you'd only be suing broke historians
the countries involved dont name the wars. they just fight em.
ian, what shows on the list have you checked out?
you should get started before ww3 hits and we all adapt to our new mad max lifestyle.
haha, dude
you're in for a long hault
and lot of episodes of dudes standing in one place
yelling. as they charge up.
^
you don't like weaboo
and thats as weaboo as it gets
if any anime, i'd say Attack on Titan
yeah, ian i would say "have to watch" depends on how you feel about what julian said
there' sonly 1 season right now
second comes out april
so not much of a wait
but if you want to try an anime, thats a must watch
the inspiration for it is great. When asked about it the author said he found the most terrifying thing in the world is drunk humans.
then watch AoT
hipster thing
ian
you're broken.
where?
relink?
man, managing that shit takes too much work.
i just work out and try to eat 'healthy'
sure i wont get as huge or as lean. but i'm pretty happy with the results i'm getting. so i'll just keep doin that.
besides, i like beer way too much to give it up
so, pretty fucked there.
Cavatica Stout is sooooo good
but it's by Ft. George
just letting you know so you don't look for the wrong thing and never find it.
i'd just like to go. never been to germany. Ireland, England and Holland.
those places were nice.
ireland was sweet
i'd like to revisit holland
i liked london and some of the surrounding towns i stayed in. it was pricey and the people in london proper were… not so great. but i'd like to go back and check out hadrians wall and bath
(bath the town, not hadrian's personal bath. although that'd probably be pretty fucking sweet)
I really like St. Albans
liked*
Cool little town, hadn't changed much from it's old days.
anchient cathedral in the town cetner with a town square just as old left mostly like itw as when itw as built
are you talking about hte people looking at porn mags on the tube?
cuz that was like every ride for me
ah
ahh, yeah. fun people...
he has no original statements
even "lets build a wall" i mean, fucking hadrian did that shit a couple thousand years ago
lolol
annnn time for CT Ending planning meeting. Or as i call "what will igor not understand next?"
Engine*
seems like a good match for you.
although "wine drunk" is a turn off to me
but this isn't me
yeah, relationships do require that
him replying i think
no, chris replying to you
hahah
i liked the post about slowling shutting down all of his ventures and then when someone comments on publicly stating a collapse is happening and then watch people make it happen
i too saw that thread this morning :)
on it. Publicly *
or some other use of grammar for that part of my post. i'm too tired to think
easiest answer would have been "support donald trumps 2020 re-election campaign"
speaking of windows code
i just got a meeting reminder from outlook
for a meeting i attended yesterday
most of the miliatry runs on windows xp
so, think of the effect that would have
did your tinder kindle into a flame?
roaring blaze?
or just cooling embers?
cooling embers that you had to 'stomp out' by yoruself?
.w great fire of rome
LOL: https://www.reddit.com/r/RoughRomanMemes/comments/5i58pw/sic_semper_trumpannis/
 didn't mean to link to the reddit thread, but oh well
yeah, i liked it. good photoshop job
man, you know you're a nerd when your second thought after laughing at the joke of the picutre is "man the original artist didn't look up shit. those togas are all wrong"
looked up enough to know who caesar was
the toga style is correct
but the colors and lack of stripes
are wrong
medieval art had plenty of roman mosaics and sculptures reference
medieval artists just didn't give a fuck
hahahaha
besides, the medieval art you're talking about was put into popularity by the late romans. such as this image of my man Belisarius:
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8b/Belisarius_mosaic.jpg/220px-Belisarius_mosaic.jpg
.w belisarius
or as i've decided to call him "historical ian"
cuz they look similar.
LOL
dudes a badass, good wiki read if you have the time ian
well there's one
the one on scipio africanus is fucking sweet to. love that guy, great underdog story
.w scipio africanus
his troops hailed him king of rome, which he declined. very george washington of him
or should i say it was very scipio of washington
another good read is laconic phrase
.w laconic phrase
lol
speaking of history, ready to start those podcasts ian?
you're scared of rome, aren't you?
sounds heavenly
so amazon conducted the first commercial drone delivery in the UK
http://www.wsj.com/articles/amazon-conducts-first-commercial-drone-delivery-1481725956
lol
saw that was top of the front page of reddit
was confused how it was 'that' good
i didn't think so
i also have kids who think butt humor is the best humor ever
gets old
well, we're supposed to get 1-3 inches of snow. portland snowpocalypse 2016 is about to hit
yup
no chris, i told her she was getting 6-8
LOL rob
i haven't bought one in ages
but i have a few through GD
… is that your voice ian?
you gonna get a pontifex maximus?
you could insert a high priest anally if you wanted :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :plenty would be willing but you may be a bit young
er old
aint nothing wrong with an older woman
diversity tweet?
god i hate porltand bicyclists: https://youtu.be/OxNj_gt5NPU
i've had bikers here do that shit to me
damn near ran one of em over as a result
not cuz i was using a phone
but because i was "turn into their lane"
hey dumb ass, i need to turn right
kinda have to cross your stupid lane...
you should do that
you guys excited for DT's upcoming inauguration?
i wonder if inauguration originates for augury
from*
yup
just have to play pocket pool like the rest of the hobos on the train?
thats good, glad you're making the most of blending in with the other vagrants
lol rob
nope
so, i hear the democratic electors are calling for an intelligence breifing on russian hacking and how it related to the election prior to the electoral college votes on the 19th
that could be interesting
i'm curious, if the electors were to, after this briefing, beleive russia was responsible for trump and voted against him what kind of ramifications that would have on our relationship with russia. could that kind of interference by a foreign power be seen as an act of war?
i didn't think of that. but if they have the evidence to support this (unlike the birther movement) then it could be something
ian
would you be opposed to reselling lightsail via hostchopper?
cuz i kinda want to do that
(as well as custom aws set ups)
siiick
i'm not interested in either of those aspects as well
would it be assholish of me to register another variant so we don't have to deal with him throwing a bitch fit?
i meant to you
i don't give a fuck what he thinks
yeah, but it could prevent him trying to hol the domain hostage
i could see him getting butt hurt and changing dns
okedoke
yeah, i'm still gonna register another one
just incase
doesn't mean we have to use it
why?
i mean, hostchopper.net is free
he wouldn't be behind getting our original name back?
mostly original
i'm not trying to cut him out, just contingency planning
you know, something (mt) Media Temple never does
lol
well, if you're in
i'm in to try and figure this shit out
so do i
which is why Tiff is going to be doing this research and stuff
>.>
<.<
i know a guy who's an AWS master and would be willing to help. He has no interest in managing shit, he just likes to do tech so he'd be a nice asset for setting up infra
i'll try and find out what is needed to get this started though.
nice. that should be easy to set up as an aws resell
is that what she said?
any of you know Kobe?
David Kobayashi (not sure on spelling)
just got let go.
lol
yeah, he was still around until like 20 mins ago
creepy
merry fucking christmas
haha, yeah
i wonder what he did
or what they think he did
dude was pretty smart, knew his shit. def underutilized.
he'll do fine somewhere that actually respects his talent.
i think i just described myself at (mt) Media Temple
although not sure on the smart part
HAHA
full of smart people who aren't allowed to utilize their full potential due to nepotism and bureaucratic bullshit?
my favorite was when Lu, Eric Shure and TJ all said "will apply for CT Supervisor, we want you to have it"
and then they hired someone from CS
that was fun
thanks jules
appreciate that
yeah, thats very true
which is why the last 6 months i've been doubling up on my skills
and (mt) is literally paying me to practice programming right now
so i'm cool with that
i get to sharpen my coding skills while gaining a resume bullet point on company time
I'm teaching myself Ansible, already re-certified for RHCSA and will have AWS  CSA and AWS Dev certs in a few months.
exit plan is well underway
oh man :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :so much fun :ian!~ian@rrcs-24-136-125-138.nyc.biz.rr.com PRIVMSG #realh3 :hooked up the 64 last week
goldeneye isn't the only bond game he's playin
hahahaha
stil don't know why he doesn't donate to sperm banks
that's like the win win for him. lots of kids, no responsibility
HAHAHAHA
'swiping right' just means he's jerking it
swiping left is when he switches hands and loses moment
momentum*
2016 both crazy fast and painfully long
i def want to live
if you move to mars, can i have your house jules?
i'm sure you'll have a salaary that you wont need on mars which you can put into a trust to take care of your house
i'll jus tlive in it
make sure it doesn't get cold
and upkeep it
i understood some of those words
it's called dope?
wouldyou say dope is dope?
i love sourcing spam: 'Young and beautiful blond girl is looking for a man. Ready to serious relationship, want kids. Pro in sex and ready to everything, i like anal sex.'
you ready to everything? i know i am
lol. right?
how does one go 'pro' in sex?
porn?
i think hooker is sem-pro
semi-pro
escort maybe
scent of a woman
thought you were going off of chris' al pacino cquote
wow, this guys spam is quite diverse
we got pro sally from earlier
and:
http://1.swistaktrains.com/
probably shouldn't click that
don't say anything
i haven't seen it yet
fucking snow
he would
what/
i did
you know, work.
good point
also, i want to play this game: https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7TKurrJy6pQVq4qA/giphy.gif
whatever it is
the one with the flailing head?
cuz thats what i look like, banging my head on the keyboard at work all day
thx alex
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CmSjFfWXgAEx5XP.jpg
then you may enjoy this: http://imgur.com/gallery/ucdJs
lolol: http://imgur.com/juPzg3W
portland and snow: http://imgur.com/juPzg3W
that carinval freaks image is so good
haha, yeah
although i know a few home owners
crazily enough
seriously
tiff has a friend without tattoos. But she's also a 45ish year old iranian muslim. so that may be a factor with the lack of tattoos.
having a religion?
hahah
do you count 45 as young?
me either, but i don't really call it old either
middle age?
yeah, i don't think of myself as young either
48-68 'old'  and 69+ senior citizen?
i actually think I look better and am definitely in better shape than i was at 26-27
but that could just be me feeling jazzed about staying in shape
dunno
why did i just watch that?
sup?
did i break something last week?
no, finishing up some other shows first
but we will be once we're caught up
thats filmed in the town tiff and i want to move to
(goonies)
Astoria Or.
been to the goonie house a couple of times
rent it on Amazon Prime
if you really want to pay for it
or you can just pirate it like a normal person
but also
it's fucking star wars
how the fuck do you not own a copy?
even ian should own star wars
he watches way more boring shit
like baseball
just buy the damn thing
seriously
way to fuck up the atmosphere of the room ian
i'm still shocked you don't own a copy
and sad
very sad
he probably voted for trump along with all th rest of the technology hating troglodytes
you see that guys? he said it himself: "ian voted trump"
how do i add a quote?
thanks
maybe thats why he is a hipster
found a crowd who wouldn't judge him for his lack of tech
workday shit?
lol
yeah, that thing sucked
i'ts a beer for breakfast kind of day
nah
not for me
i'll be hitting whisky by llunch
and then the floor shortly after
http://medicalxpress.com/news/2016-12-scientists-reverse-aging.html
the ferris bueller anti-aging approach?
great movie
i see alex voted johnson
are you talking about the assassination of the russian ambassador julian?
i don't think that will start ww3
the only reason franz ferdinand's assassination in ww1 was that he was also a Duke and thus royalty
and there was already intense conflict between austria-hungry and serbia
it likely would have only been a local conflict if it wasnt' for the combat treaties of the time that forced everyone to get involved
it's definitely going to be a diplomatic incident
but i don't see it becoming anything more than that.
besides, given that Turkey is under new government i don't think her original alliances are in play anymore
i agree with you julian in that i feel like some sort of large scale war is coming.
but i feel like we're a lot closer to a revoultion/civil war than we are to a world war
that may end up triggering a world war, especially if putin is as intertwinted with our politics as it's being made out
as you can see, i'm open to that possiblity
the trump win, julian, proves that the people in this country are anything but complacent
either way
if putin was involved, it means we've put a foregin power into administering our country. that coudl lead to uprsisings. especially with the "murica!" people
if not
all it will take is trump being trump
either that or the secret service will off em
one only has to look at how many emporers were killed by the praetorian guard to see that as a strong possiblity for extremely unpopular leaders
yeah, the inside job stuff is up in there air. but i wouldn't be surprised
a lot of those guys are ex military and in close with their former commanders/captains. trump has pissed off a lot of those generals
do you think that didn't happen with praetorian guard? or any other leader's body guards?
they didn't just pick some rando off the street
it's just as unimaginable for a mother to murder her children. but it happens
it doesn't take much jules
they can carry a firearm right next to the president
they don't need complex plans
just the will
and we cant screen for that
that assuming a lot
someone that gung ho to be in the SS
(just struck me how odd it is the abbreviation for secret service is SS)
is also likely to be that gung ho about america
a push/nudge from an old general, for arguments sake, could be enough to compel them to make the sacrifice
they already sign on to be willing to die for the president.
dieing for a cause is very much on the menu
dying*
death has a way of equalizing things
yeah
i don't want him dead either
but i dont' see him ever stepping down or being removed from power with any sort of peace
he's too full of himself
trump chose him for that reason
iirc
a long way
most of his top cabinet is full of big business execs
and he's not in a position of power
just an advisor
i'd need to learn more about him than i currently do to back musk for that kind of role
and he's not a citizen
but seriously, i'd take G.W Bush again over this shit
i'd take nixon
haha, right?
with Gorbichev as VP
why don't you ask her out alex?
that's a problem
mmm turkish coffee
why would one be angry about that?
just turn it into a game alex
can you whack it while on skype and get away with it
ready, go!
rob
who the fuck is this "lawrence" guy and why is he worthy of company wide slack notices telling us he's arrived?
unless it's Lawrence of Arabia, i dont care
i figured it was something stupid, but it's just weird getting slack notices yesterday and today saying that some dude was here
because we still got a new office
and some idiots still go ther
dont know why
omg
i fucking hate those guys so much
portland is full of them
and they have bike lanes everywhere here
i should carry a paintball gun for such occasions
he works at (mt) ian
we all are to some degree, filled with rage
wow
yeah thats bad
getting (mt) to help fund your progression to bigger and better things def helps ease the (mt) rug burn a bit
my rage in the last 3 months has dropped by like 90%
he gets paid well?
what does he do?
i still remember him correcting grammar and being an asshole about it
i thought he was raphs training buddy or something
figured htat'd be like middle salary
yeah, thats pretty much what i started doing. got sick of being annoyed and started doing shit about it
it's weird how easy it is to just sit back and be pissed off
winning the lottery only seems to happen to people who don't know what the fuck to do with their money. …thats probably because those are the only people that play the lottery...
in other news
Rogue One was great
lol rob
yeah, i dug it chris
some fun easter-eggs too
heh
HDDVD was a better name
but a shittier product
was des really a swinger?
or is she
i should say
i've thought about starting up a sect of Roman Paganism in porltand. Cust i'ma nerd and i'd totally geek out wiht it.
thats the idea alex.
you forgot hostchopper
speaking of trump. i read something last night about him forming an anti-protest task force of sorts
yeah, good analogy ian
my parents had a ton of wicker furniture when i was a kid
didn't get rid of it until we finally moved to hawaii when i was 11
haha
i learned to understand it
never tried to speak it
when you're white like me it'll just make you look like a poser and get your ass beat. unless you were born there, then it's cool.
white + born on the island = local
white + not born there = haole
depends on what island
there's racism between the various polynesian nations
micronesians for example are hated by all
phillipinos get on great with literally everyone
new zealanders, as in the white new zealanders don't have many issues. Their accent makes them a daed give away as  an island native. Maori get on fine with the locals, sometimes there's issues with the samoans
the samoans are generally pretty ill tempered
and will fight with anyone if given reason to
such as "you stepped on my favorite rock fucka"
lol rob
honestly, mosts of the bad reputation you get from hawaii locals are usually caused by the samoan populace
the few actual hawaiians that are left are usually super relaxed and groovy
there's always a few. it was always a bit dodgy hanging out with Tiff's friend Kai because her dad was super hardcore Hawaiian Separatist. Expel all the whities kind of guy. Kai wasn't allowed to cut her hair until she moved out of the house because it would piss off the spirits or some whack shit.
that guy was scary.
haha
in spite of all that, i do miss the shit out of that place sometimes. hard to not missing being able to drive down from the nice cool jungle mountains, hit hte beach, strap on a BC with no wet suit and walk in the ocean for a nice dive.
yeah chris, same reasons i dont live in hawaii
funny how similar hawaii and alaska are
yeah
yeah
a lot of people dont bother to vote in hawaii
the winner is usually announced before polls even close there
almost moved to guam at one point
my dad had a business client there
went to do an install for them and while there the owner of the business aid "i also own a dive shop and i'm looking get into a new line work. I like what you do, want to trade businesses?"
my dad thought about it for a long while
yeah, i often wonder what my life would be like right now
good friend of mine is from there. she has a lot of not so hot things to say about the way the US handles that territory
puerto rico
she thinks puerto rico isn't  a state because that would increase taxes to corporations who use it as a labor haven
and other rights that big money doesn't want the people there to have
plus there some issues with the way land ownership via inheritance works there which could be severely jeopardized by state hood.
they've had the vote a few times
and it's not passed yet
or have family that do.
lol
thought you were just gonna say "splinter"
up
for SC
yeah, up for all of us
find out what don?
prison style
why am i watching this?
wow
that guy looks like he's a living mummy
shes cute
she dances like i do
seems like a winner
finds out he can dance, first woman he thinks of is his mom
cant argue with that
https://i.reddituploads.com/6bf8a875d4674c1abfc1aa89fdc5c876?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=8d7ed0ceb836bb164297a883d0ff894a
no
i told lu about the update too
he sounded amused
but i think he's worried about jamf
raph, always scheming
no one wants to rent in detroit julian
but the economy is so bad there that even those home prices are unobtainable for the general public
sounds like the american dream
you should go see rogue one then watch the rest in order
as in R1, 4, 5, 6, 7
cuz fuck 1, 2 and 3
correct answer
hahah
Mary Palms?
i think julian got a tinder date
niot sure
don's getting kinky
don doesn't want nudes AND
he wants nudes of spaceships and aliens
yeah don doesn't like those aliens
he wants em like Oola the sexy twi'lek from ROTJ
"grab em right by their braintails"
haha
he uses the Don side of the force on em
haha
lol
you gonna see R1 today?
it's quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQRW0RM4V0k
its not Rogue One
its a direct order from your emporer
emperor*
i love how they're engineering LEDs to fail sooner. good stuff.
you want this? https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-CfZoQgGvVlk/U6bthJF6yXI/AAAAAAABKzE/S8ddRrFfQD8/w600-h665/drive.jpg
i think julian is super excited
not sure
flags only at half mast?
now remember ians advice
you have condoms?
if so, leave them behind and hit that shit raw
if it burns that just means you're doing it right
good start
so guinness then?
starfishing is lame
almost on par with a sex doll at that point
^ good question
interesting
LOL alex
julian, good questions but dont measure your experiences to other people
ian is a man slut and of low moral fiber
so, yeah
haha, good follow up
for you
by date do you mean took out and banged
or put in work for building a relationship/
that sentence needs reworking
i HAVE to talk to one of mine
cuz somehow she's my mother in laws best friend now
which is weird
yeah
when we go back to hawaii to visit my mother in law
Shelly is there
always
my mother in law and my ex are so close
Tiff and i sometimes wonder if they're fuckin
HAHAHA alex
hahha
"im letting you go because you've not moved up to the next level in 3 months. you need to grow. with someone else"
hahahaha
Relationship is compromised
ian, i'll give you 20 bucks if you use that as your next break up line and film it
think of it as the inverse of my "gone like tears in the rain" moment
only your job isn't on the line
well, maybe A job
oh, so she's the future baby mamma?
haha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQRW0RM4V0k
also, what does ian praying look like?
i don't think anyone in here is well adjusted alex
maybe chad
he doesnt say much though, so cant be sure
and he hangs out with rob
so, thats a strike right there
just go to a BevMo and buy some
speaking of beer
Lagunitas' High West-Ified Imperial Coffee Stout IS FUCKING AWESOME
ages in Rye barrel
12%
ABV
so good dude
drinking one right now
haha
alex you should come up to portland so we can drink beer and smoke weed together
i do that
tiff looks at me like i'm a savage
sadly
but then he has to be in TN
kidding but not kidding
annnnd we went from sexcapades to cars in record time
yeah, had sex in the back of my jeep many times
i've seen sex scenes on bikes in movies
always thought that was BS
alex?
figured
hahah
ever seen the anime Golden Boy?
it's pretty flecking stupid
but as a young teen it was great
ah, Golden Boy has an episode where this hot chick on a sport bike destroys a Porsche. you'd probably dig that. and probably dig her being all sexual towards her bike. sounds right up your alley
looks like the whole thing is on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DplGW_gSHVE
oh
it's translated to spanish
lol
that wall is long overdue
don sure is creepily aware sometimes
think he's been watching too much nightrider
your what?
thats sweet
can you broadcast your music to the other riders?
cuz if so, Ride of the Valkyries man
hahahah
*get off bike in parking lot. BIG INHALE* "AHHH, I love the smell of minimum wage labor in the morning!"
i won a BB8 Waffle Iron and Chromecast yesterday, so i got htat going for me
which is nice
yeah
(mt)'s second annual hackathon, my team won 2 categories
i get a trophy too
meanwhile i'm just happy to spend time coding to learn more so i can leave
that a crunchwrap supreme?
FUCK YEAH
love those things
^5
seriously
its addicting is what
taco bell is our road trip tradition
yes
everytime
yeah, i usually get a Crunch wrap and a Nacho's Bell Grande with extra beans
and i'm still hungry very soon after
damnit, now i want taco bell
sour cream is gooooood
had latke's and sour cream (actually yogurt) for breakfast today
nom
bud light
dissapointed
http://i.imgur.com/26k9Td7.gif?noredirect
can take the man out of detroit
:(
thats a sad state
i dont even know what hardees is
:?
thats baad
after i got my pinup tattoo
which took 10 hours
i was fucking starving
and had a 5 hours drive home ahead of me
but the only place open was arby's
took 3 bits, threw it out the window
i remember getting the food
and the cashier seeing my new tattoo
"how much did that cost?"
me: "1k bucks"
:O  "fuck that i'll never have that much money"
waiting for my order to come up was kinda weird after that
yeah alex, exactly
yeah, i didn't know what to say to it. so i just kinda awkwardly smiled and shrugged-cringed
yeah, that sounds great
win 10?
and don with the relevant question again
uncanny valley ahoy
yeah, that's probably it
is it a new install?
did you do a clean install?
reboot?
this is windows
so, have you rebooted?
dude, i leave my machies running 24/7 lol
they sleep
but thats about it
sounds hot
seriously, am i the only one that hates the fleck bot?
hahahahaha
he's creepy
hahaha
and thus the world ends
bitterness is a preservative
showed up to work today
my lead said "what are you doing here?"
forgot i had the day off
i decided to stay half day and help out. so i'm here for now.
haha, i was already in the "work" mindset
and a bunch of people called out too. so i felt bad for 2 guys on my team that I like who are alone.
for the 2
cuz theres like only 2
that are redeemable as human
i'll check
are paystubs still showing up in ulti?
i don't see any in x.co
workday
whatever it is
no
those come out in feb
for some weird reason
yeah, i could have totally used it
would have been nice
fucking GD
this customers site is "fluffyguy.com"
i'm affraid to visit the site
suuup
and an early happy hannukah
watchdogs?
ah
i hear it's not so great
but thats all i've heard
no details
yeah, why?
holy shit
thats the first i heard of it
maaan fuck
super bummed now
glad I met her last year
man
i'm sitting here
struggling on how to tell tiff this
she's sitting in the other room playing witcher 3, blissfully unaware
leia's her childhood hero
just told her :(
yeah, was rough
yeah, that will be especially sad now
.w teledildonics
i learned a word today. thanks internet.
yeah, h3 has gotten quite sparsely populated as of late
no conversations, wtf am i supposed to do on my dev day? actually develop things?
pfssshh
so
got my thumb smashed in a waffle iron yesterday
think i may have borked it a bit
its large, miscolored and in frequent pain.
good times
lolol
i think ian may have designed that
looks like his work
is that comic sans too?
you should come visit soon
then we can give you your key back
laura s?
i thought she was in berlin or something
ahh
why?
i mean, this country sucks balls
well, it will in like 20 days
give or take
ah, lame
i wonder if (mt) would let me move back to Hawaii
been thinking about it a lot lately
i'm pretty tempted. oregon cost of living is now on part with hawaii
may as fucking well
on par
god i hate the fleck script
haha, yeah. i miss being able to get off work. put on my dive gear and just walk into the ocean for a dive
seriously the best way to unwind
and i miss seeing my wife in skimpy suits like everyday
hahaa
yeah man
its the life
yeah, pretty much.
the quality of the jacuzzis vary but the view is always stellar
and the camping/hiking
none better
and you dont have to worry about bears or cougars or some flecking snake jacking you up
sweet
i lived there from 6th grade till i started college.
most of my wife's family still lives there
her mom has a farm up the mountain.
yeah. my dad moved us around a lot. that was the longest we ever stayed in one place so it feels like home to me more than anywhere else.
i keep trying to work but my cat is on my lap biting my hands when i stop petting her
lol
its a rare treat from ripley. she acts a bit more like a disgruntled dog than a cat. she doesn't clim, she carries her own toys around in her mouth like a dog and she doesnt usually lap sit. she'll follow me from room to room and just hang out. but contact isn't her thing. usually.
the downside to her little 'love bites' is she's rather large and her teeth are like fucking needles.
she's half main coon and even as the runt of her litter she's a healthy 12 pounds
her brother is a fucking monster.
(our friend adopted him at the same time we got her)
wow
spam is getting creative:
going went saw opinion leaves was then tired thrice instant warrior even care air what part and of gorings for may lying that they know my rate began asked move we ill production different internal raised ......
thats the first sentence
q
lol
speaking of
LOL
we had this ticket floating in our queue with my team-mate Ian's name on it.
i see his names off it so i go to check it out and find this in the notes, from ian:
"STOP PUTTING MY NAME ON THINGS ...email me, ask me questions, but I do not own these things."
.w eggnog riot
ian, read this the other day and thought you'd dig it:
.w eggnog riot
'What exactly about a small salad with four or five miniature croutons makes Guy’s Famous Big Bite Caesar (a) big (b) famous or (c) Guy’s, in any meaningful sense?'
lol
nachos with lasagna noodles? WTF
i think i've heard that before
i think thats red robin's variant
nope, thats from chili's
yeah
they don't look that appealing from the outside do they?
lol
nope
cant
it's in here forever
like ian's font choice
hahahaha
so, it's basically denny's?
guh
lol
why would you try to eat american food in europe?
i mean english food sucks
so i get it, sorta
but they have great kebab shops
haha, gotcha
yeah, i had a few mornings like that in england
"fuck…. guess it's mcdonalds then"
i was literally just going to comment on that
hahaha
seriously
the fact that they carry catchup at all is impressive. that shit is hard to find over there
i've never heard it called brekki before
in fact it sounds so retarded i had to scroll up like 3 times thinking i missed some kind of joke you were referencing
^
not just for katsup and moosetard
fuck, it's finally over?
YES!
p.much
what a wonderful world
me either
lol
let me recursively grep this one file.
got back into Witcher 3 again recently. realized i'm spending most of my time in that game playing an in-game game: Gwent
so fun though
witcher is not about real life
if it looks like it to you i have to ask where teh fuck you go on vacation?
looks like they have just a Gwent game coming out soon: https://www.playgwent.com/en
def excited about that. Gwent fucking rules. I want to get all 4 decks to play in real life. found a set on ebay for 80 bucks
told tiff to get it for me birthday.
yup
spend most of my time in that game finding rare cards and building my deck. lol
fight monsters? pick up sweet gear and save the world? Or build up a nerdy card game and just play the plebs around town?
tough choice
judging by that review PBR was the flavotown
so, you gonna show us pics?
nudes
hell yeah
drop that shit in here. lets see some jew sack
holiday gelt?
its okay to think about her and be excited
that's part of the fun
do you ever run into couples on tinder?
yeah, or just people looking for a third, or what the fuck ever.
i've never even looked at tinder. so no idea how it works beyond what i hear from you guys
haha, swinging is not for me.
haven't tried it, not interested.
haha, we are but thats not why I asked. I was honestly just curious if people use it for that.
i'm the reverse flash
literally
oh we've checked it out jules
kinda shitty
it is what it is.
we'd rather do things the old school way anyways, you know point at people and say "you want a threesome? how about you? no? what about you!?"
it's portland, can probably stand on the corner with a cardboard sign and do alright
of coruse, i have cardboard
hot commodity here
i read 'welding' as 'wedding' and was super confused for about 10 seconds
saw that coming
see rogue one yet alex/h3?
well, as cynical as you are that's high praise
hahaha
yeah, Alan Tudyk was great as K2
i quite liked Donnie Yen's character: Chirrut
hahaha :wilbo!~Adium@c-73-37-79-114.hsd1.or.comcast.net PRIVMSG #realh3 :that's great
oh wow
that mom should be euthanized along with her spawn
claaaaasssyyy
not sex it alex, just cum on it
open up your chest baby!
hahah, nice
ip man is great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5p0gqCIEa8
haha
https://media3.giphy.com/media/3oz8xwdijkrHeR4dO0/giphy.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tugO4azfHcI
HAHAHA
did it ask to play anal dildos?
and for ian: http://i.imgur.com/k5Gc6vj.mp4
that was seriously the best thing to come out of the primaries
if only we had animated shirts cuz then i could put this on a shirt and title it "We ran an election all we got was this stupid meme"
girts
but you don't say it "Shh-ifs" it's "Skiffs"
friend gave me a Fire TV
pretty sweet
lol
military operations/project names aren't better
"Operation Market Garden"
lol
better than "Operation Atmosphere" coined by the UK in North Africa in WW2
another UK hit: "Operation Croquet"
OOh another UK goldie: "Operation Potluck"
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Potluck
yeah
lol
from here:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_World_War_II_military_operations
probably something like that
you should have proposed "Operation Banana-Hammock" as an alternate name
hahahah
no UX just does it all
support
engine
accounting
man, the owner of the only jazz club in town died and the place is closing shop
that sucks
hard to enjoy live jazz these days
at least we still have the annual blues/jazz festival. so that's nice
yeah, def crossed my mind
i'd love to open a jazz club
but i have no experience of running a club and as such not likely to get a lone
and i dont really have the drive
i just want to drink and listen to jazz
not server drinks and wish i could concentrate on the jazz
yeah, i'm just getting used to writing unit tests
and i find them quite vexing
but i have to say, once you have the test in place writing the actual code is a bit easier.
still annoying.
they're alright. i like that they sing sea shanties
lol
nice
haha, pretty good man
that'd be sick
need to make your grips look like the hitls of rapier's
not bad, but you need to give em a handguard that incorporates your brakes
so it looks like this: http://jan.ucc.nau.edu/wew/images/tl21.jpg
i usually don't enjoy cocktails/mixed drinks much
either beer or whisky on the rocks for me
i heard about that
that's the one with Damien Lewis right?
claire danes is a great actress
claire danes?
was that his wife?
i didn't get all the hype for the deadpool movie
thought it kinda sucked
like, it wasn't bad, good even. if you're 15.
well, even after the fact
i heard from people and on reddit that "best comic movie yet!"
so we saw it, thankfully pirated it, and were totally let down
granted i dont like the character that much
so thats an issue
i find him annoying as fuck
The character
he reminds me of a guy i went to college with that i wanted to punch in the face everytime i saw him
fucking dustin
still hate that guy
and all better than deadpool
dick, fart and poop jokes stopped being funny after grade school
tell a few to your date
and check back
bold move
either that will turn out amazing
or horrible.
good way to cut to the chase though.
yeah, i respect your efficiency
and admire your gumption
haha
i'll step back a second though and say
in the right context all three of thoes things can be funny
when used well and sparingly
but in deadpool they're just throwing em out there like russian conscripts in stalingrad
"sure thousands will die but we have tons, we'll get through eventually!"
example: "that guys smart, he wore his brown pants" shows up in like 5 different variations on that movie
the same fuckin joke, over and over
yeah, i hate that movie
the more i think about it, the worse it gets. lol
i seem to be producing it naturally
so i think i'm good
on the flip side
finally watched Attack the Block the other night
not bad, fun. not amazing, but not bad.
john boyega as a london gangster teen fighting doglike aliens
lol
aight, i'm out guys. see ya tomorrow.
and it'd be a better world
i just want to run linux on my toaster, is that too much to ask?
it takes my win 10 pc 11 minutes
@rob not 11 minutes but long enough. it gets to login pretty fast but once logged in it takes a good couple minutes before it's ready to do anything
and i have a fairly clean boot
i need to get SSD
heh, cool
you hear about the CIA's spy cats ian?
.w acoustic kitty
oh and this
.w bat bomb
hahaha
should be a band name
but not an acoustic band
like heavy metal.
there we go
that works
way better, in fact.
the bat bomb thing is quite brilliant
wicked but smart.
do you have energy efficient windows?
that shit makes a huge diff
also your place is massive. if you're heating everything it's gonna be espensive.
When tiff and i first moved in together we could heat the entire apartment just by having sex.
it was that small.
doesnt matter. had sex.
you get a lot of snow there?
sounds like here
your room could probably fit 10 of ian's apartment
don says you're an electricity pro Rob, congrats.
shit man, my power bill is that high sometimes
i swear they jack up their rates in the winter
car?
i've wanted to check that out
lol
awww fuck
i like victorian style homes
sadly that means most of what i want to buy is already 100+ years old
that tdoesn't necessarily bother me, just the thought of "i'm going to have to replace/fix so much" makes me apprehensive
yeah, no
i've been in love with victorians since i was like 11
thats what i'm gonna fucking buy
hahah
if i could
i'd build a recreation of the Palatine Hill
but i'm not rich
open atrium
roman bath
sign me the fuck up
oh it would be ian
that comes after the bathhouse alex
or before
you telling me you wouldn't want this shit in your house if you could have one: http://www.crystalinks.com/RomanBathhouse2.jpg
*shrug* guess we can't all love the empire
Emperor Ianinus The Homeless
lol
where?
you're trying really hard to make me look gay alex. freud may have had a thing or two to say about that.
honestly don't care
i said roman bath
not bathhouse
eh
if its gay
sign me up
when do i get my government assigned fag-hags?
you need to find a way to make the toilet sound like it's tearing a hole in time and space when it flushes.
yeah, i had a dream, fuck me right?
well "fuck me" was the dream as translated by alex
yeah was gonna ask
i wish someone would post some sort of evidence on this russian hacking ting. keep hearing hte CIA/NSA/FBI say it's russia, but they provide nothing to corroborate it. Now Julian Assange is saying it's "Definitely not russia" but not providing anything.
maybe we should get all these agencies to a bath house to hash it out
with alex's 20 hot guy friends
trumpnet
what's the github url to the bot's shit?
going to try working on an ansible playbook this week for H3
danke
its 18 here
just 18
speaking of, do you guys find "barely legal" porn creepy as fuck or is that just me?
the concept of it
yeah, ian, that's it exacatly
you high alex?
maybe?
haha
haha
i get what you're saying
but what i don't get is how fire and wheels have anything to do with biological impulse
i get that and biologically that makes sense. but the fact that they're just barely old enough to be legal and that that's a desireable thing rather then being just "suitable breeding material" is gross
no shit
i totally understand the attraction to young women, that makes sense. i'm just saying i think the dudes who seek out sepcifically barely legal porn beacuse it's as close to illegal as they can get are fucking creepy and gross. thats it.
and i dont fault em for it
except when it's sharing a borer with pedo
i'm kinda with alex there. i like em to be in the 25+ range.
hahaha
you
what was the oldest match you got?
interesting.
haha
yeah, that sounds horrible ian
i guess 1 year out of college is enough to help people drop the highschool bullshit?
i'm still growing up.
LOL
CIA
thats awesome
sometimes, i'm embarrassed about what i do for a living. but i own that shit. wonder how it feels for that guy, embarrassed that he's still living.
i guess you'd have to be pretty disconnected from reality to try and pass that shit off to people
i answer calls and chats
customer facing basically
and that i find embarrassing
plug godaddy
0 proud
plus*  :alex!~alex@192.229.234.2 PRIVMSG #realh3 :yeah but you work for a premium developer and small business web host
i work at the walmart of webhosting
wow
is that what your dad makes?
and hes a cop, you idiot
tacomas are expensive
howdy
oh yeah?
i don't see a video on the frontpage
oh
there it is
hey, i totally live in a framework
this guys a jerk
"we host great ideas. this wasn't one of them"
hahaha
"it works, as in it's functional. but it's not going to work"
man, today feels like one of those days that i should be smoking out while working…
lu's not in here, so i guess i don't have to pretend i don't do that.
lolol
whoa, it's ian
i mean "dwayne"
thing is
that hack is about as hard as it is to hack our custoers passwords
why is that convertible in the video driving on the wrong fucking side of the road?
ian, why did (mt) use you so much in their promo photos/videos?
just curious who has a boner for you i guess
ah
hahah
julian
what did you buy your date for her bday again?
i remember it involving a penis
ahh, that's right
haha
did you guys use the book on yoru date?
at least the googly eyes
1 question at a time
no
wtf
how can he do CT?
lol ian
who's kat?
Kat Von D?
<— this guy
that was a thing on spotify?
thats (mt) Media Temple level right thre
share some nuggets
yeah, exactly
is there not a "family" setting to just blanket filter that shit?
seems pretty standard to me
i have to say, being a parent and having had to interact with amazons child protection shit. it's pretty garbage.
yeah, but really the onus is on the parents in all of these cases.
hahah, so true
or dildo
etc
credit H3 for that
Dear amazon… Love, H3
speaking of alexa, she can sing
we asked her to last night.
yeah, i hear you jules. it's mind blowing in a way. how far we've come as a society yet how little some things have changed.
everyone  pumped for the upcoming inauguration?
first time i'll be watching an inauguration hoping for an assassination
yeah, gotta get em both
who's secretary of state?
unless trump really is a russian puppet
yeah
i think so too
yeah
sure seems that way
i just didn't want to stake my stance when i hadn't see any evidence yet. but i'm like 90% on board with that thought
pretty sure that was all the leadership training don had, C&C
"build nukes, thats how you win"
President J-Nads
i think it's time for a change in political system. let's restore empires. that was fun the first time around.
just like the rest of modern civilization
well, roman republic
not all of my ideas ian. just most of them. i dont have any slaves to celebrate saturnalia with so i cant really do that one. and i'm pretty sure if i ran around naked and drunk hitting women with goat skin flails i'd go to jail. so that nixes that too
but sweet bath houses and huge empires that spawn decades of civil war over succession rights? Sign me the fuck up!
a triumph?
fuck yeah
seriously
hahaha
haha
that movie sucked
it's easier to just make fun of ian and ignore the feelings.
he try to make cinnamon toast crunch again?
what did you do in goldeneye that's cheap?
haha, yeah, oddjbo + golden-gun + bathroom on facility was always cheap and fun
fuck yeah dude
i never cared about being a camper
moral of the story: you dead
do you often figuratively get pizza?
just curious as to why you have to specify you literally got pizza
yeah, you could have just said that and i would have believed you
but now i think you're full of shit
you tell em don
sounds like something you'd try to say
silly hipster, only records go on turntables
your pizzas live in the oven,  not the freezer
man, aint that the truth
i knew shit was bad
when i was in a planning meeting for CT Dev
and Igor, the director of software development asked "What's search and replace?"
you could hear a fucking pin drop
yeah.
meetings with that guy are an exercise in not knocking yourself out from excessive facepalms
it took Gary and myself 10 minutes to explain to him the "reads and writes" he was seeing as output from our script that show'd mysql stats were'nt reads and writes the script was making. Just data on MySQL activity.  "It's a read only script, that's just output from mysql"  "But it says reads and WRITE!"
yeah
he's not american
lol
russian.
yeah, but the director of software development should know at least basic computing terms for fucks sake
and it hsouldn't take literally 10 minutes to explain that he's just seeing output data from another service
many = 90%
how did you convince him if he didnt' understand anything?
just curious
"this guys got a beard, he probably knows his shit"
safe bet with tech actually.
"beard, cargo shorts and socks with sandals? yeah that guy sknow whats up"
whoa, totally is fat demian
wonder what demian is doing with his time
are you guys still looking to hire on another person?
never heard anything after you passed my resume on
:s
oh well.
of course.
fucking dolph
wtf did i do to that guy?
i referred a friend to a sys engineer spot here.
he never heard anything
2 months
got another, better job
but still.
let me know when the position closes rob
after that i'm going to open a complaint with HR
enough of this dude.
yeah, thats a problem
oh shiit son
thats perfect
although my ansible skills are pretty novice still
fuck it i'm gonna apply
thansk dude :)
